D101 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Develop an application using an industry standard language 2. Debug, test and document a software application 3. Explain the fundamentals of programming
D111 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Design a relational database to meet organisational requirements 2. Apply interaction design concepts to a user interface 3. Store and retrieve organisational data using query and reporting tools 4. Explain database design and administration
I101 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Describe information systems principles, roles and functional business areas 2. Communicate effectively and professionally using industry standard tools 3. Apply and explain professional, legal, and ethical principles relevant to the ICT industry
I102 : At the completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Apply a user needs analysis to identify organisational requirements 2. Create, deliver and evaluate a training session 3. Develop technical documentation to a professional standard 4. Explain IT service management best practice
I111 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Design a website according to UX design principles that meets organisational requirements 2. Develop a website using an industry standard approach 3. Explain the fundamentals of website development
I121 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Analyse situations requiring problem solving 2. Elicit and model user requirements using a variety of techniques 3. Construct accurate systems analysis documentation reflecting requirements
T101 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Describe the operation of current network technologies 2. Select the most appropriate network technologies for a given scenario 3. Apply testing and troubleshooting techniques to networking problems
T111 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Describe the purpose and operation of major computer components 2. Demonstrate use of a command line interface (CLI) 3. Select, install, troubleshoot and configure IT hardware and systems software
D211 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Evaluate alternative design solutions 2. Design a complex information system 3. Create a prototype from a design 4. Formulate quality processes
I202 : At the completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Examine, discuss and apply the knowledge areas of project management. 2. Develop a project plan for an IT related project. 3. Use project management software to create a Gantt chart for scheduled activities and assigned resources, including people, equipment and their relevant costs. 4. Use project management software to analyse project data and produce reports.
I221 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Create analysis documentation for a moderately complex system 2. Create design documentation for the system under investigation 3. Implement quality processes to ensure accuracy of analysis and design documentation
D201 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Design and Construct small applications using a variety of algorithms 2. Devise test plans to ensure quality software 3. Create system maintenance documentation
D202 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Undertake a team based iterative development project  2. Effectively manage an individual development task 3. Implement processes to ensure quality 4. Compare and select an appropriate development method for a given problem
I203 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Describe the concepts of digital images, video and audio 2. Create and manipulate digital image, video and audio files according to a technical specification for distribution across the ICT infrastructure 3. Optimise digital multimedia for commonly used ICT mediums
I209 : On successful completion of this paper students will be able to: 1. Work within an ICT industry based environment 2. Meet work placement expectations and requirements 3. Record and evaluate work and progress 4. Present placement outcomes to academic supervisors
I211 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Define Electronic Commerce and describe its various categories 2. Describe the major types of Electronic Commerce transactions 3. Describe the limitations of Electronic Commerce 4. Implement an online commercial Web site for selling products 5. Implement user security and session management for the Web site
I213 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Design and document a web application 2. Secure critical business data within the web application 3. Interface with a web based database management system 4. Implement user security and session management
T201 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Analyse and evaluate network services 2. Implement and configure network services 3. Analyse and diagnose faults within network services
T205 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Describe the devices and services used to support communications in data networks and the internet 2. Describe the role of protocol layers in data networks  3. Describe the importance of addressing and naming schemes at various layers of data networks in IPv4 and IPv6 environments  4. Design, calculate, and apply subnet masks and addresses to fulfil given requirements in IPv4 and IPv6 networks  5. Explain fundamental Ethernet concepts such as media, services, and operations 6. Build a simple Ethernet network using routers and switches 7. Use CISCO command-line interface (CLI) commands to perform basic router and switch configurations 8. Utilise common network utilities to verify small network operations and analyse data traffic
T206 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Describe basic switching concepts and the operation of CISCO switches 2. Describe the purpose, nature, and operations of a router, routing tables, and the route lookup process  3. Describe how VLANs create logically separate networks and how routing occurs between them 4. Configure and troubleshoot static routing
T211 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Analyse and evaluate the security of IT systems 2. Implement and configure the security of IT systems 3. Diagnose IT systems security and mitigate weaknesses
I212 : On successful completion of this paper students will be able to: 1. Compare and select appropriate enterprise data management systems 2. Design an enterprise data management system structure 3. Implement an enterprise data management system including automated processes
I263 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate an understanding of the business finance environment. 2. Calculate, interpret and evaluate capital budgeting techniques and apply them to the appraisal of investment decisions. 3. Apply understanding of working capital and current assets management to given business situations. 4. Evaluate short term and long term financing alternatives for businesses. 5. Analyse principles of capital structure including the cost of capital. 6. Demonstrate application of different aspects of business finance to case studies and offer recommendations.
I301 : On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate the work-place skills and attributes required to obtain a role in a New Zealand business. 2. Identify and critically analyse business-related processes and issues relating to an organisation and apply theoretical knowledge to processes or problems. 3. Develop and present a proposal for a project on a specific organisational issue.
I302 : At the completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Manage an ICT project for industry 2. Produce original work and project deliverables 3. Consider and apply professional work ethics 4. Meet project timelines and goals 5. Record and evaluate project work and progress  6. Present project outcomes to sponsors and academic supervisors
D301 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Work in a team to deliver a software product 2. Conduct effective and efficient inspections 3. Evaluate software user interfaces for accessibility and usability  4. Design and implement testing to ensure a quality product
D303 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Design and develop mobile applications in a major mobile platform 2. Apply current software technologies, framework architecture and standards used in mobile application development  3. Securely transfer local data to a remote real-time database
D311 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Discuss and argue an advanced database topic 2. Install a server-based database management system 3. Design and create a data warehouse schema 4. Transfer and transform data from more than one data source into a data warehouse 5. Analyse and process data for management reporting 6. View pre-processed information from the data warehouse from a separate application
I303 : At the completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Discuss and analyse practices associated with managing and structuring ICT services within an organisation 2. Recommend and design a service continuity plan for an organisation 3. Apply best practice human resource management techniques  4. Develop and recommend strategies and plans to improve an organisation’s IT service
I321 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Undertake a feasibility study to recommend a solution to business problems 2. Present a business case to project stakeholders   3. Develop a model of the proposed complex system 4. Implement quality processes to ensure accuracy of analysis and design documentation
I309 : At the completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Explore a new or additional topic which will extend skills to a higher level
T301 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Assess and recommend appropriate network hardware and configuration/s for given scenario/s 2. Assess, evaluate and recommend the deployment of virtualisation/cloud/containerised infrastructure 3. Assess and respond to infrastructure requirement change/s 4. Implement network/virtualisation/cloud/containerised infrastructure for given scenario/s
T302 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Configure and troubleshoot routers in a complex routed IPv4 or IPv6 network using single area OSPF 2. Describe different WAN technologies and QoS mechanisms 3. Describe the operations and benefits of virtual private networks (VPNs) and IPSec 4. Configure, and troubleshoot Access Control Lists (ACLs) 5. Configure, and troubleshoot Network Address Translation (NAT) for IPv4 6. Describe enterprise-scale network-management techniques including software-defined networking, virtualisation, monitoring and automation
T311 : On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Configure and administer multi-user implementation of a client/server network 2. Implement strategies that will ease administrative burden  3. Implement remote administration of central services
T312 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Explain the operation of Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), firewalls, router security, switch security and network security 2. Configure and troubleshoot Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) 3. Configure and troubleshoot Firewalls 4. Analyse, configure and troubleshoot router and switch security in an IP network
I304 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate how data analytics techniques and tools are used to support business decision making 2. Apply data analytics tools and techniques on organisational data 3. Provide meaningful representation of organisational data
I311 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate advanced understanding of new, emerging, and influential web technologies 2. Investigate and critically present on a new or influential web technology 3. Develop systems demonstrating advanced application of new or influential web technology
I367 : At the successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Discuss how project management process groups and processes are used to manage projects 2. Evaluate the project environment, and identify the factors that may impact the outcome of a project 3. Consider the role of the project manager and their sphere of influence. 4. Consider the purpose, key concepts, inputs, and outputs for each project management knowledge area. 5. Integrate the techniques defined in the knowledge management areas to solve project management problems. 6. Create key project management plan components, and project documents.
