IT5501 :  To introduce learners to topics in discrete mathematics that are important for studies in computing and to topics in statistics that are directed to the needs of the IT industry.    
      content:  • Algorithms • Number bases • Computer representation of numbers • Logic • Sets and relations • Functions • Induction and recursion • Boolean algebra and digital circuits • Graph theory • Trees • Visual presentation of data • Measures of central tendency • Measures of dispersion including standard deviation • Sampling • Probability • The normal distribution • Correlation • Regression • Hypothesis testing PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 2  Assessments 
IT5502 :  To introduce learners to the theories, principles and practical skills associated with effective communication in relation to Information Technology contexts.   
      content:  • Principles of effective communication strategies • Business communication practices including: meeting techniques, interviews record keeping, technical writing and use of mainstream business software • Principles and practices of team and group work, leadership, negotiation, conflict management, workplace ethics and legal implications • Verbal and non-verbal communication • Use of citations and referencing techniques  • Effective oral presentations  Assessments  
IT6501 :  To enable learners to evaluate and apply the important procedures involved in systems analysis and systems design.    
      content:  The course may contain topics of • the systems development life cycle models • role of systems analyst, and systems designer • adaptive approaches to SDLC compared to a predictive approach • requirements analysis and its modelling • systems design and its modelling  • model, view and controller layers of a system • appropriate development methodologies • current trends in systems development or equivalent  This  will be delivered in an applied manner, with extensive use of case studies.  Assessments  
IT6502 :  • To enable learners to explain the requirements of project planning and control, and use best practice project management techniques and software to manage tasks • To enable learners to incorporate typical IT industry practices into project management activities    
      content:  The course may contain topics of: • The knowledge areas identified in the Project Management Institute’s PMBOK contextualised for application in the Information Technology industry • Practical application of project planning and control tools • Significant issues relating to managing people in projects • Agile software development (Jira, VSTS) • Code versioning • Project risk This  will be delivered in an applied manner, including the use of case studies and shared experiences.  Assessments  
IT7502 :  To enable learners, through careful research and analysis, to identify and manage ethical issues related to the use and advancement of digital technologies.    
      content:  • Critical thinking • professionalism  • ethical theories • privacy • security • cybercrime • intellectual property  • freedom of speech and regulation of the internet  • legislation related to course  • big data • reliability  • social and ethical issues related to emerging technologies • piracy  Assessment 
IT7510 :  • To provide learners the opportunity to research, select, integrate and apply a range of techniques and technology to solve a business or industry based problem • To provide learners the opportunity to demonstrate workplace-ready skills, attitudes and aptitudes suited to the IT industry   
      content:  Topics may include • Developing a Business Proposal or Specification • Effective communication • Integration and application of knowledge • Project management • Project delivery • Industry standard project documentation • Promotion of project outcome PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 12  Assessments  
IT5504 :  To provide learners with an understanding of basic information security principles and approaches as well as to recognise the major information security threats and countermeasures.    
      content:  • Information security fundamentals • Personal security • Computer security • Malware • Mobile security • Privacy  Assessments 
CS6501 :  To enable learners to develop an understanding of the foundations of cyber security, threats towards information system, and perform risk assessment and management.   
      content:  • Confidentiality, integrity and availability • Identification, authentication, authorisation and access control • Auditing and accountability • Attacks, threats and vulnerabilities • Operating system and application security • Physical, personnel and operations security • Network security controls • Security standards and policies • Risk assessment and management • Legal, ethical and professional issues in information security PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 16  Assessments 
CS6502 :  To provide a practical introduction to junior and intermediate level Linux/Unix system administration and to enable the learner to develop the skills required to manage small-sized Linux networks.    
      content:  • Kernel, boot, initialisation, shutdown and run levels • Printing, documentation and shell environments • Linux installation, GNU and Unix commands, managing hardware and devices • The X Window System, Linux file systems, Linux user and group management, file and folder permissions, Linux processes and task scheduling • Package management, compiling software from source, shell scripting and basic shell programming • Administrative tasks including management of networking services, backup and security • Basic network configuration, setup and configuration of network services such as web server, file server, Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) and email servers PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 18  Assessments 
CS6503 :  To provide learners with a comprehensive understanding of digital forensic principles and the collection, preservation, and analysis of digital evidence.    
      content:  • Forensic investigation  • Operating system functionality • File system analysis • Operating system artifact analysis • Browser and email analysis • Investigative methodologies • Forensic report writing • Overview of memory forensics   Assessments 
CS6504 :  This course exposes learners to blockchain technology, smart contracts, fundamentals of cryptocurrency and applications. Learners will also learn the fundamentals of cryptography.   
      content:  • Basic Cryptography: public/private key encryption, hash functions, digital signatures, Merkle trees • Blockchain: o Properties: immutability, consensus, anonymity o Components: node, distributed ledger, transaction  o Operations:  verification, proof of work  • Smart contracts and blockchain applications  • Privacy and scalability issues in blockchain  • Block ciphers • Digital signatures  Assessments  
CS7501 :  This course covers the key technologies and systems required to implement defence in depth and protect organisational information infrastructures from threats and attacks.    
      content:  • Host-based and operating system security • Application and data security • Database security • Network security • Security architecture and models • Risk mitigation techniques   Assessments 
CS7502 :  To enable learners to select a focus area of study in cyber security to reach their desired career and/or graduate studies goals. Topic selection will be based upon learner interest and faculty research and expertise and will generally change annually. Learners may substitute a cyber security related graduate diploma course for this requirement.    
      content:  • Topic selection will be based upon learner interest and faculty research and expertise and will generally change annually.  • Detailed learning outcomes,  and assessment for the selected topic(s) will be developed prior to the commencement of the course and approved by the Head of School. • In the event of course substitution, indicative  will be that of the substituted graduate diploma course.  Assessments   
IT5507 :   To provide learners with a basic understanding of how data is modelled, stored, manipulated and analysed using databases and visualisation techniques.    
      content:  • Data visualisation techniques such as bar charts, pie charts, scatter diagrams, gauges and bubble charts created within a variety of software tools • Conceptual and logical data modelling techniques that capture the data requirements of simple systems • Normalisation of tables  • Introduction to Structured query Language (SQL) such as Data Definition language (DDL) and Data manipulation language (DML) statements to create simple databases and to manipulate and extract data  Assessments 
DS6501 :  To introduce learners to the analysis of social data using tools and techniques to extract knowledge and insights from social media networks.    
      content:  • Social data analytics and the factors of context,  and sentiment • Machine learning techniques employed to model and structure the information  of textual data  • Text analytics techniques used in sentiment analysis to determine people’s attitudes  • Data mining techniques such as link and association analysis, visualisation and predictive analytics using statistical programming tools • API’s for accessing data on social networks • Contemporary issues relating to social media data  Assessments 
DS6502 :  To introduce learners to a range of data analysis and visualisation techniques used in statistical inference and exploratory data analysis.   
      content:  • Intermediate statistics for data analysis; confidence intervals, regression analysis, hypothesis tests, accuracy, precision, specificity/selectivity and correlation analysis • Information visualisation techniques used in exploratory data analysis • Statistical programming languages used to generate descriptive models of data  • Methods of communicating results derived from data analysis to a target audience   Assessments 
DS6503 :  To introduce learners to the data science process and the application of data mining tools and techniques.   
      content:  • The steps of the data science process and its application within business analytics • Data pre-processing techniques for dealing messy data using software tools • Determining data requirements to develop predictive models • Types of data, descriptions of data, measures of similarity and dis-similarity • Introductory Classification, Association Rules, Clustering and Machine Learning categories of data mining techniques using statistical programming tools   Assessments 
DS6504 :  To introduce learners to the techniques used in the design and implementation of business intelligence solutions and the issues relating to big data.     
      content:  • Intermediate Data Manipulation Language (DML) statements involving inner joins, outer joins, aggregate functions, date and string functions to create views and other reporting functionality • Stored procedures with input and output parameters for data summarisation, error handling, and row processing involved in generating reports and dashboards and the handling messy data • Issues relating to the management of data and the role of the DBA • Data warehousing design strategies, star and snowflake schemas • Issues and challenges relating to big data, cloud computing and the storage of unstructured data • The Four V's of Big Data.  Assessments 
DS7501 :  To provide learners with practical experience in developing analytical tools that provide insight and understanding of business performance based on data mining methods.   
      content:  • Data mining algorithms and their application on business analytical problems including clustering, association rules, classification and machine learning • Statistical methods for evaluating the predictive accuracy of data mining models • Visual approaches for presenting and evaluating predictive models and their results • Contemporary issues relating to data mining and its application within business analytics • Communication strategies for conveying meaning from analytical results to a target audience • Statistical programming tools and techniques for creating and evaluating predictive and explanatory models  Assessments 
DS7502 :  To provide learners with practical experience in the design and implementation of data warehouses and the development of Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) tools.    
      content:  • ETL procedures involving staging, data integration and access layers • Multidimensional modelling approaches for implementing data warehouse architectures • Querying languages and reporting tools commonly used on OLAP cubes for roll-up, drill-down and slice and dice operations • Approaches for conveying the analytical results from OLAP tools and data cube mining to a target audience • Contemporary issues relating to data warehousing and its role within strategies for achieving business intelligence   Assessments 
IT5505 :  To provide learners with the skills to utilise design principles to evaluate digital interactive products. Learners will develop the skills and knowledge to design and develop a digital interactive product.     
      content:  and/or interactivity.  Assessments 
ID6501 :  Learners will be able to design and build websites that respond to any device for example, phone, tablet desktop or headset.     
      content: 
ID6502 :  To introduce learners to 3D graphics, modelling, animation, software and environments. Learners will use complex software tools to build 3D models, develop motion, texture and render projects.    
      content:  • inverse kinematics • remote rendering • virtual world solutions  • motion solutions • modelling solutions • interactive environments such as game engines   Assessments  
ID6503 :  At the end of the course, learners will be able to analyse and apply user centred design processes to build digital interactive artefacts that demonstrate effective user experiences.    
      content: 
ID6504 :  Learners will analyse and synthesise the processes of contextual inquiry relating to client objectives. They will evaluate the effectiveness of user experience design for multi-device environments. They will utilise design processes and technologies to create highly resolved solutions. Learners will apply appropriate industry standards to digital product implementation.      
      content:  strategies to integrate technologies, delivered across devices and applications. 3. Scope and illustrate requirements and processes to create products with flexible architecture and . 4. Create prototypes and analyse the ways that user experiences can be enhanced.  5. Apply user experience design principles to evaluate products.   Assessments  
ID7501 :  Learners will synthesise their knowledge of technologies and techniques in relation to interface design. Learners will develop the ability to apply advanced techniques in designing and implementing innovative, interactive interface solutions.   
      content: 
ID7502 :  To enable learners to understand the principles of human-computer interaction (HCI) in relation to the design and implementation of computer systems and to experience different application tools in the design, implementation and documentation of user interfaces.    
      content:  • Human Computer Interaction theory, user interface architecture and technologies.  • Conceptual terms for analysing human interaction with products (e.g., affordance and feedback). • Ethical and practical constraints in relation to  HCI fieldwork • HCI frameworks, models and life cycles including need finding and data gathering techniques  • User interface design processes, in response to triangulated data collections and requirements:  - conceptual modelling  - development of interface metaphors  - affordances - scenarios and experience mapping  • User centred design research, prototyping techniques and technologies  • User testing frameworks and guidelines PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 54  • Creating a development plan • Applying findings to an interaction design life cycle utilising relevant technologies. • Ubiquitous computing • Virtual reality and Augmented reality   Assessments  
IT5506 :  To introduce fundamental networking concepts, technologies, the basics of network theory and the skills needed to implement a simple network.   
      content:  • Network Protocols • IP address calculations • Ethernet concepts • Subnetting • Basic Router and Switch Configuration • Network Topologies • Networking concepts: client/server, Peer-to-peer  Assessment  
NI6501 :  This course introduces the essential knowledge and skills of a networking professional and develops knowledge of the logic and algorithms involved in routing and switching traffic. Learners will develop an understanding of individual routing protocols and concepts and learn to configure network addressing services and to analyse, verify and troubleshoot routing and switching operations.    
      content:  • Static and Dynamic Routing • Switch Configuration • Router Configuration • Network Address Translation • ACL , RIP, DHCP & VLANs • Access Control Lists • Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol   Assessment  
NI6502 :  To provide a comprehensive, theoretical and practical approach and resolve common issues with routing and switching implementation for a larger sized network using IPv4 and IPv6.    
      content:  • LAN architecture • Multiple Switch implementations • Enhanced performance between switches • Dynamic routing implementations • Configuring varied implementations • Tuning and troubleshooting  Assessments 
NI6503 :  To introduce the fundamental network infrastructure components necessary to implement a small to medium sized network.   
      content:  • Server operating system • Directory services • User account administration • Administration via group policies • DNS configuration and deployment scenarios • DHCP including deployment and backup • Managing DNS and DHCP   Assessments 
NI6504 :  To develop an understanding of the incorporation and management of cloud technologies as part of broader systems operations. Learning about new technologies that support the changing cloud market as more organisations depend on cloud-based technologies to run mission critical systems, where hybrid and multi-cloud have become the norm.   
      content:  • Cloud deployments and configurations • Security in the cloud • Maintenance including backup and patching • Disaster recovery and business continuity • Cloud management of resources and account provisioning • Performance baseline comparison and service level agreements • Troubleshooting common cloud issues • Troubleshooting networking and security issues • Storage technologies and cloud storage concepts  Assessments   
NI7501 :  To enable learners to understand the underlying principles of a current topic relating to Networking and Infrastructure, apply the underlying principles and concepts to the identification and solution of a variety of problems in various settings, research the topic and evaluate and implement methods of solving problems related to the topic.   
      content:  • A specific topic relating to Networking and Infrastructure will be approved for this course, and advised to prospective learners in advance of enrolling. • The topic will be approved by the Head of School.  • Detailed learning outcomes,  and assessment for the topic will be developed prior to the commencement of the course, approved by the Head of School, and made available to learners.  Assessments  
NI7502 :  To enable learners to understand the underlying principles of an emerging topic relating to Networking and Infrastructure, apply the underlying principles and concepts to the identification and solution of a variety of problems in various settings, research the topic and evaluate and implement methods of solving problems related to the topic.    
      content:  • A specific topic relating to Networking and Infrastructure will be selected for this course, and advised to prospective learners in advance of enrolling. • Networking specialists from industry will be involved in selecting the emerging topic • The topic will be approved by the Head of School.  • Detailed learning outcomes,  and assessment for the topic will be developed prior to the commencement of the course, approved by the Head of School, and made available to learners.  Assessments 
IT5503 :  A learner will be able to design software using appropriate syntax, implement software designs and apply basic object-oriented concepts.   
      content:  • Introduction to primitive data types, operators • Pseudocode and flow chart • Conditional statements and iteration • Declaring, defining and using functions for structural as well as object-oriented programming • Passing parameters to functions by value and by reference • Arrays • String class • User defined types • Unit testing • Reusability • Recursion  Assessments 
SD6501 :  To equip learners with the knowledge and fundamental skills of mobile application development using a contemporary programming language and mobile platform.   
      content:  • Core and advanced concepts of a programming language • Techniques to plan, design and prototype mobile application • Development tools • Mobile device architecture • User experience and interface design • Data Storage and Serialization Techniques • Cloud Services • Geo-location and Maps • Multithreading • App distribution  Assessments 
SD6502 :  To allow learners to extend their programming skills with the introduction of advanced concepts.   
      content:  • Syntax and semantics of a selected programming language • Object-oriented programming • Advanced algorithms, data structures, problem solving strategies • Static and Dynamic libraries • Templates   Assessments  
SD6504 :  Provide learners with a foundation of effective game design and development using tools, algorithms, and game programming techniques.    
      content: : • Introduction: Design vs Development, architecture, phases of development • Level Design, 2D & 3D graphics, animation • Game physics, Collision and Trigger detection • Artificial Intelligence solutions: Path finding, Finite state machines, Fuzzy logic  • User interface and GUI • Optimization, Testing, Publishing      Assessments 
SD6503 :  To provide learners with an advanced level of knowledge and skills required for developing secure software that is designed and tested using appropriate testing and security tools.   
      content:  • SDLC and STLC • Test Documentation and Test Case Design • Unit Testing • Automated Testing and Testing Tools • Software security and risk principles • Threat modelling ,Secure coding practices • Types of software vulnerabilities, Exploits   Assessments 
SD7501 :   To enable the learner to: • Evaluate and apply the use of appropriate platform and architecture, for the development of web applications.  • Integrate applications with a database and learn how to access web data using managed data providers and objects. • Investigate the security challenges and security models for web applications.    
      content:  The course will contain the following topics: • ASP.NET framework, development tools and environment  • MVC framework • MVC routing, tracing & debugging • AJAX & JQuery • Data access and Data Binding  • ASP.NET Core with Entity Framework  • ASP.NET Core Identity • RESTful Web Services and Web API’s • Web Application Security  • Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) • Frontend Development platforms for Web Application  • Web Application Deployment PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 80  Assessment 
SD7502 :  To provide learners with an advanced level of knowledge and skills required for developing artificially intelligent applications.   
      content:   • Introduction to computer vision, and Open Source Computer Vision (OpenCV) library • Use and improve open source W&W Vision library • Types of features and their application • Image segmentation • Deep Learning and GPU processing • Google Tensor flow vs. Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit • Keras • Identify and apply filters for noise estimation and data prediction  Assessments 
IT5510 :  • To introduce the underlying principles, evolution and the implementation of operating systems. • To provide an opportunity to gain experience in using operating system instructions.   
      content: 
IT5508 : : • To provide learners with the safe working knowledge of analogue and digital electronics, correct terminology, and the skills required to test computers and related electronic equipment. • To explain the fundamentals of the safe use of appropriate electronic test instruments to make measurements in electronic and computer equipment. • To enable learners to identify symbols, packages, operation, and uses of various Analogue and Digital devices.  
      content:  Topics may include: Electro technology • Electrical components and symbols: capacitors, resistors, inductors, transformers, switches • Electrical units: amperes, volts, ohms, watts • Magnitude prefixes: pica to giga • Ohms Law PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 86  Analogue Electronics • Symbols, packages and operation of: diodes, LEDs, Op-amp-parameters: gain offsets, positive and negative feedback, slew rate, bandwidth CMRR and applications. Filtering (high and low pass, band pass, band reject)  Digital Electronics • Numbering Systems: binary, hexadecimal, code conversion • Logic Gates: gates, standard logic symbols, truth tables, timing diagram, Boolean algebra. • Combination logic: multi-level circuits, logic simplification  • Synchronous sequential: latches, flip flops, registers counters Schmitt triggers.  Instrumentation • The use of a range of meters: voltmeters, ammeters, multi meters, basic oscilloscope, and power supplies. Assessments  
IT5509 :  This course introduces the theory and practice of software testing. This is a vocational course to help learners seek employment in junior software testing roles and/or gain foundation level software testing certification.    
      content:  • Fundamentals: o The importance of testing and general testing principles. o The fundamental test process. o Procedures and processes in software testing. Range psychology of testing, Software development models, Test levels, Test types, Maintenance testing, Static techniques and the test process, Review process, and Static analysis by tools.  • Test Design Techniques: o Test Development Process, and categories of test design techniques. o Equivalence partitioning, boundary value analysis, decision table testing and state transition testing. o Designing test cases for given control flows. o Experience-based techniques and choosing test techniques.  • Test management: o Test organization, Test planning and estimation, Test progress monitoring and control, Configuration management, and Risk and testing o Incident reporting PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 88  • Tool support for testing: o Types of test tools, effective use of tools, and potential benefits and risks o Fundamentals of introducing a tool into an organization  Assessments  
IT6509 :  To enable learners to act as an analyst to bridge the gap between business and IT and to contribute to improving the quality of the products and services delivered to business by IT professionals.   
      content:  The course will contain the following topics: • IT operational environments including financial operational practices. • Communicate IT service processes through diagrams and technical writing. • Legal implications within the IT service industry workplace environments, IT professional practice implications. • Tendering, IT Service Contracts, Service Level Agreements, Conflict of Interest. • IT service and TQM frameworks.  May involve: ITIL, CMM, COBIT, ISO9000, ISO/IEC 200000, ISO 21500, ISO 27000, ISO/IEC 38500,  ISO/IEC 31000, TOGAF • IT audit standards.  Links to financial systems, continuity systems and disaster recovery.  This  will be delivered in an applied manner, with extensive use of case studies. PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 90  Assessments   
IT6503 :  To enable learners to appreciate, programme and use the features of microcontroller systems.   
      content:  Topics may include: • Assembler, C and C++ languages  • The development of programmes in High Level Language (HLL) and assembler  Assessments  
IT6508 :  The  of this course is to provide a comprehensive overview of rigorous research practice and to lay a foundation of research skills, which will be relevant to both further study and professional practice.   
      content: 
IT6504 :   To develop the learner’s knowledge of the technical requirements, both hardware and  software, and implementation of a small scale embedded system.   
      content:   • Customer specifications and written technical requirements: hardware and software, processing engines, interface requirements, operating systems, development tools  • Tools for host and target machines: cross compilers/assemblers, linker/loader, memory map management  • Development hardware and test equipment: Development boards, ISP, JTAG, Protocol and Logic analysers.  • Domain-specific requirements including operating system and environment issues  • Hardware and software tools  • Interfacing methods  • Target operating system: pre-emptive, multitasking, foreground/background • Diagnostic techniques: hardware and software PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 96  Assessment 
IT6505 :  • Enable learners to apply fundamental principles of unit testing standards and practices, both independently or as part of a team. • To apply knowledge and practice that underpin sound testing practice to support the delivery of quality systems consistent with industry standards across several levels.   
      content: 
IT6506 :  The  of this course is to introduce the principles and practices of technology used to carry data, video and voice traffic for New Zealand businesses and Internet Service Providers.    
      content:    Principles of transmission of digital information  • End subscriber technology including encoding techniques, xDSL and DSLAM.  • The purpose and features of a simple DSLAM for end subscriber use.  • The operation of and application of fibre optic cables for digital communications including encoding, installation, GPON, CWDM and DWDM.  • The fundamentals of the TCP/IP architecture, Ethernet, IPv4 and IPv6 from the perspective of circuit provisioning including typical devices such as repeater, bridge, switch, router, and gateway.  • Configurations and arrangements for providing end subscribe services utilising Ethernet and IP technology including VLAN, Q in Q, loop prevention and address resolution. PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 100   Multi-Protocol Label Switching  • Fundamentals of MPLS as used in provider networks • Supporting protocols such as LDP and RRP  • How providers can use TE features to offer a variety of end subscriber services  Assessments  
IT6507 :  The  of this course is to enable learners to develop an in depth understanding of the structure and operation of wireless networks    
      content:   • Wi-Fi Technology and Standards  o Radio theory, modulation/demodulation, antennae, attenuation etc., and wireless topologies. o Standards organisations, range, coverage and capacity, frequencies, channel reuse and co-location, active and passive scanning, data rates, authentication, infra-structure and ad-hoc.   • Hardware (wireless adapters, access points) and software (drivers, clients and servers) required for wireless networking: Access Points, Routers, Bridges, Repeaters, PoE, Drivers, Clients and Servers. PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 102  • RF Fundamentals: units of RF measurement, range affecting factors, physical layer wireless technologies, Spread Spectrum, Gain and loss.   • Site Surveying and Installation  o Gathering business requirements  o Multiple / Single Channel Architecture  o Active / Passive Surveys.  o practical wireless installations  • Security and Compliance  o SSID hiding  o Legacy security (passphrase) (WEP, MAC)  o User-based security (EAP / RADIUS)  o Data Encryption  o Regulatory Compliance.   Assessments  
IT7503 :  To enable learners to: • Understand the underlying principles of a specific topic relating to information technology  • Apply those underlying principles and concepts to the identification and solution of unstructured problems in unfamiliar settings • Implement novel methods of solving problems related to the topic.   
      content:  • A specific topic relating to IT will be approved for this course, and advised to prospective learners in advance of enrolling. • The topic will be approved by the Head of School.  • Detailed learning outcomes,  and assessment for the topic will be developed prior to the commencement of the course, approved by the Head of School, and made available to learners.  Assessments  
IT7504 :  To enable learners to understand the underlying principles of middleware, apply the underlying principles and concepts of middleware to identify and solve information architecture and interconnectivity problems, and research techniques and topics in the field of middleware needed to evaluate and implement middleware solutions.    
      content: 
IT7505 :  The  of this course is to: • Introduce 32-bit multi-tasking embedded systems. • Build on the learner’s knowledge of pre-emptive, real-time systems with complex tasks.   
      content:  • Analysis of the requirements of an Embedded System and a specification to support those requirements. • Selection of an operating system methodology and a suitable toolchain. • System design and selection of hardware. • Development Plan, Development and Production Costing. Assessments  
IT7506 :  • To enable learners to apply automated testing and integrated regression testing across a variety of platforms and technologies, both independently or as part of a team. • To enable the integration of defect tracking within configuration management to manage performance.   
      content:  • Principles of effective automated testing and integrated regression testing development through continuous integration and deployment of software testing strategies. • Execute testing and automate data for various requirements to determine whether systems meets requirements. • Project and statistic tools to analyse, bug and report tracking. • Performance test techniques to determine whether system meets requirements. PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 122  Assessments  
IT7507 :  The  of this course is to introduce the principles and practices of technology used to carry data, video and voice traffic for New Zealand businesses and Internet Service Providers.    
      content:  • Principles of transmission of digital information  o Main transmission concepts and the related devices involved in an optical link, the main impairments occurring within an optical fibre and the related solutions used to compensate these impairments; laser classes risks and safety mechanisms, deploying a WDM network.  o Basic WDM technology and the operational concepts, the functions of the major components used in WDM; quote the main monitoring parameters related to the transmission quality; evaluate the propagation penalties due to the wavelength multiplexing, evaluate possible ways to improve the signal transmission. PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 124  o WDM terrestrial network topology, protection and supervision and the evolution to 40G to 400G.   • Multicast  o Explain the need for multicasting and the types of multicast applications.  o Differentiate between the methods of IP packet delivery and their characteristics.  o Recognize the component protocols of a multicast enabled network.  o Define IP multicast addressing.  o Evaluate the role of the interior gateway protocol (IGP) in a multicast-enabled network.  o Evaluate the operation of Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMPv2 and IGMPv3) and IGMP snooping.   • Quality of Service: Policing and Shaping; Hierarchical Bandwidth Allocation among Queues; Hierarchical Bandwidth Allocation among Policers; Queue Sharing and Redirection within a given context.   • Services Architecture  o Match services with given scenarios  o Explain the operation of technology to provide services.  o Configure, manage and troubleshoot services.   Assessments  
IT7508 :  To provide an opportunity for learners to gain industry experience relevant to a chosen area of IT and to reflect critically on concepts and perspectives studied.     
      content:  Topics covered: • Application of taught knowledge, research evidence and skills to a practical context • Assessment of work practices based on theoretical frameworks • Problem identification and recommendation of strategies PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 126  Assessments   
