IT5501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Solve problems in selected topics in discrete mathematics 2. Solve problems in selected topics in statistics
IT5502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Describe effective ways to influence and improve communication in a business setting and demonstrate knowledge of the principles of communication methodologies and influences 2. Undertake a range of business communication techniques and practices 3. Apply effective communication strategies through co-operative work in a group, leadership, negotiation techniques and conflict management 4. Demonstrate an understanding of workplace ethics, law, cultural awareness, and Te Tiriti o  Waitangi 5. Demonstrate an understanding of copyright and citation issues 6. Verbally present information in a professional manner
IT6501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate a range of models, as well as contemporary techniques and procedures, used in the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) 2. Assess various approaches for systems analysis and design for an object-oriented SDLC 3. Produce appropriate analysis and design documentation for a given business problem 4. Analyse and design different components of a system to support contemporary systems architecture 5. Describe the current trends in systems development
IT6502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Define, select, and explain current theories and practices from the current Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) knowledge areas 2. Apply knowledge from the PMBOK knowledge areas and demonstrate this using appropriate practices and software 3. Explain and explore techniques to deal with significant human resources issues relevant to IT project management
IT7502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Critically analyse ethical issues related to ICT 2. Critically evaluate, assess and apply ethical theories and ICT Codes of ethics to an ethical problem 3. Analyse a current ICT ethical problem using critical thinking techniques and provide solutions within the context of the analysis
IT7510 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Produce a proposal for the project 2. Work collaboratively, using professional and interpersonal skills, cooperative methods and communication with team members, project sponsor and advisor. 3. Apply the techniques and knowledge gained throughout the degree programme to research, analyse, design, develop, test and produce a solution 4. Manage and control all aspects of the project 5. Carry out a concluding review of the project with the sponsor 6. Produce relevant IT artefacts for the project. Range may include software, design, implementation, installation, testing, training, support, maintenance, administration, user manual and help documents 7. Critically reflect on learning that has taken place during the project and relevant courses during the degree 8. Effectively present the project experience and achievement to an audience including the project sponsor
IT5504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Explain information security fundamentals 2. Analyse personal security 3. Identify threats to computer security 4. Identify and apply internet security procedures 5. Examine mobile security 6. Identify risks to Internet privacy
CS6501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Describe information security principles, key terms and essential concepts and examine the business drivers behind the design process of information security analysis 2. Identify and explain common attack techniques and sources of threat 3. Conduct a fundamental information security assessment for an organisation, including risk identification and assessment, implementing effective control measures to minimise the risk introduced by potential threats, and performing cost benefit analysis 4. Describe and apply physical, procedural and technical controls to protect information system components 5. Describe and explain legal, regulatory, and ethical standards relevant to an information systems
CS6502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Explain the fundamental elements of the Linux/Unix systems 2. Install, configure and manage a workstation including partitioning, managing software and devices, Linux desktop and shell environments through the command line 3. Explain and perform administrative and troubleshooting tasks including, but not limited to, management of users, groups, printing services, managing Linux processes, file and folder permissions, log management, backup and basic security tasks through command line 4. Demonstrate an understanding of Linux networking services, setup basic Local Area Network (LAN) and Internet connectivity and perform network troubleshooting 5. Install, configure and manage a range of systems present in a typical Linux network environment
CS6503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Identify the attributes of file systems and storage media and perform analysis on at least two common file systems 2. Identify and analyse potential sources of electronic evidence 3. Describe the importance of maintaining the integrity of digital evidence 4. Perform basic forensic data acquisition and analysis using computer and network-based applications and utilities 5. Accurately document forensic procedures and results and develop a case summary
CS6504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Explain blockchains and the cryptocurrency ecosystem 2. Analyse the role cryptography plays in a blockchain 3. Develop simple blockchains and distributed applications 4. Examine security issues within the cryptocurrency ecosystem
CS7501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Describe and implement systems and methods employed to provide operating system and host-based security for a range of potential threats 2. Categorise the technologies and techniques necessary for the defence and maintenance of networks and their hosts and demonstrate their use 3. Explain the functionality and operation of security techniques and implement them as they apply to software, databases and data 4. Evaluate the security models, deployment and management of the security of information systems and methods available to identify and reduce risk
CS7502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate, and analyse characteristics of, a specified current topic relating to cyber security. 2. Define, apply and implement an appropriate technological solution to a problem or problems related to the topic.
IT5507 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to 1. Describe and explain data using a variety of visualisation techniques and software tools 2. Analyse the data requirements of simple systems and model those requirements using conceptual and logical data modelling techniques 3. Create a simple database that includes tables, columns, primary keys, foreign keys and simple queries
DS6501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Identify and explain contemporary text mining tasks typically applied to document collections 2. Perform introductory text mining tasks on publically available social media data 3. Identify and explain the visual analytical concepts applied to large social data sets 4. Analyse and discuss current social, ethical, security and privacy issues relating to large-scale social data analytics
DS6502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Use statistical programming tools and visualisation techniques to analyse data 2. Identify and explain a variety of techniques used in statistical inference and exploratory data analysis 3. Interpret and evaluate results derived from the application of confirmatory data analysis techniques 4. Communicate the meaning of results derived from data analysis to a target audience
DS6503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Identify and explain the steps associated with the data science process 2. Define the data requirements for a range of analytical problems 3. Identify and explain the basic application of a variety of commonly used data mining techniques 4. Perform an introductory analytical investigation using the data science process and a statistical programming tool
DS6504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Create Structured Query Language (SQL) queries for extracting and summarising data using joins, subqueries and aggregate functions 2. Identify and explain the issues relating to the management of data and the role of the Database Administrator (DBA) 3. Construct stored procedures to be used in the implementation of reporting applications and to perform basic data pre-processing steps 4. Create a multidimensional model using the star schema architecture in the design of a data warehouse 5. Discuss and explain contemporary issues and challenges relating to big data and business intelligence
DS7501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Create a range of explanatory and predictive models that support fact-based management and decision making 2. Critically assess analytical results and convey their meaning to a target audience 3. Use statistical programming tools to perform a variety of commonly applied data mining functions on business data 4. Apply visualisation techniques for evaluating predictive models and the presentation of analytical results 5. Identify and explain appropriate data mining methods for tasks relating to business analytics 6. Critically assess the quality of predictive models using statistical methods
DS7502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Identify and explain commonly used architectures in the design of data warehouses 2. Create multidimensional models using star and snowflake schemas 3. Perform Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) procedures to populate a data warehouse 4. Create queries that analyse multidimensional data from multiple perspectives 5. Identify and explain the characteristics of data warehouses and their role within strategies for achieving business intelligence 6. Perform data mining functions on data cubes and explain analytical results to a target audience
IT5505 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Describe the history, business and technical changes of a digital, interactive platform and be able to evaluate social impacts. 2. Investigate interactive tools and apply design principles to critically evaluate and user-test digital interactive products.  3. Plan a digital interactive product demonstrating consideration of users and clients.  4. Understand and apply front-end development processes to create an interactive product.  5. Integrate toolsets and/or languages to create digital content and/or interactivity.  Assessments Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Project 1 55% 1 - 3 Project 2 45% 4, 5   Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 42  Resources Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
ID6501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate the design and architecture of a web or mobile application. 2. Plan a website and organise information effectively. 3. Describe and apply design principles and process to create a website utilising web standards from bodies such as W3C. 4. Use a variety of strategies and technologies to create websites. 5. Create and evaluate responsive web interface designs that adjust to a range of screen sizes and or devices.  Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Project 1 30% 1,2 Project 2 30% 2, 3 Project 3 40% 3-5   Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 44  Resources Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
ID6502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Use problem solving techniques to follow a brief using 3D environment/s.  2. Apply a range of modelling tools to build digital models.  3. Investigate and apply methods of controlling motion and/or 3D environments. 4. Apply lighting, texturing and rendering techniques.   5. Plan and create short motion or interactive 3D work. 6. Demonstrate investigation and analysis of interaction within a sophisticated software environment.
ID6503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1 Explain how the user interface (UI) and interaction affect usability. 2 Analyse design problems and utilise user centred methods to support design from requirements analysis to planning, prototyping and reflection.  3 Design an effective interface in relation to users' characteristics (e.g., age, education, cultural differences and abilities). 4 Demonstrate responsive design using a range of digital tools.  5 Explain and apply the use of emerging technologies. This could include the use of multimodal interfaces or the integration of emerging toolsets. 6 Explain and apply methods to evaluate interaction designs and demonstrate ethical evaluation procedures.  Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Course work 20% 1-5 Project 1 30% 1, 2 Project 2 40% 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 Test 10% 1 - 6   Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 48  Resources Indicative Texts:  The Encyclopaedia of Human-Computer Interaction, 2nd Ed. Don Norman Interaction Design: Beyond Human-Computer Interaction, Yvonne Rogers, Jenny Preece, Helen Sharp, 4th Ed Microinteractions: Full Color Edition: Designing with Details, Dan Saffer, 1st Ed. Universal Principles of Design, Revised and Updated: 125 Ways to Enhance Usability, Influence Perception, Increase Appeal, Make Better Design Decisions, and Teach through Design, William Lidwell, Kritina Holden, Jill Butler, 2nd Ed The Design of Everyday Things: Revised and Expanded Edition, Donald Norman Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
ID6504 : By the end of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Define project objectives, in relation to user needs for multi-device environments. 2. Synthesise and apply flexible content strategies to integrate technologies, delivered across devices and applications. 3. Scope and illustrate requirements and processes to create products with flexible architecture and content. 4. Create prototypes and analyse the ways that user experiences can be enhanced.  5. Apply user experience design principles to evaluate products.   Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Course work 20% 1-5 Project 1 30% 1, 2 Project 2 40% 2, 3, 4, 5 Test 10% 1 - 5   Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 50  Resources Indicative Texts: The Design of Everyday Things: Revised and Expanded Edition, Donald Norman Communicating Design: Developing Web Site Documentation for Design and Planning, Dan M Brown, 2nd Ed. A Project Guide to User Experience Design: For user experience designers in the field or in the making, Russ Unger, Carolyn Chandler, 2nd Ed. The Elements of User experience: User-Centered Design for the Web and Beyond, Jesse James Garrett, 2nd Ed. The Non-Designer's design hand book, Robin Williams  Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
ID7501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Analyse and critically evaluate the technologies and principles needed to design and implement advanced interactive applications. 2. Analyse the elements required for effective communication with a specific target audience. 3. Appraise and implement complex interaction and interface design techniques.  4. Use advanced interaction design technologies to create interactive interfaces and communication experiences for users.  Assessments Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Project 1 40% 1-2 Project 2 40% 2-4 Test 20% 1-3   Successful completion of course: To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 52  Resources Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
ID7502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Analyse and critique interaction design products, methods utilising current theory and standards. 2. Appraise, select and implement appropriate data gathering techniques in order to interpret and analyse a user problem. 3. Apply user interface design processes and to analyse and develop requirements and scenarios.   4. Create a range of prototypes from low fidelity parallel prototypes to high fidelity functional prototypes utilising relevant technologies. 5. Plan user testing frameworks and guidelines. 6. Evaluate, interpret and present data to create a development plan.
IT5506 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Describe network protocol models and devices to explain the layers of communications in data networks. 2. Design and calculate IP addresses and subnet masks for both IPv4 and IPv6 for given simple networks, using IPv4 and IPv6. 3. Explain fundamental Ethernet concepts. 4. Describe and build a simple Ethernet network using routers and switches employing basic cabling and network design. 5. Identify and perform basic router and switch configuration and verification.
NI6501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Configure routers and switches using a variety of common network technologies. 2. Troubleshoot routers and switches using a variety of common network technologies. 3. Configure static and dynamic routes 4. Design and implement classless IPv4 and IPv6 addressing schemes for networks 5. Configure basic router and switch operations and troubleshoot common issues and problems 6. Configure and verify basic addressing services in a small routed and switched network
NI6502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1 Demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the technologies and techniques necessary to design and implement a converged network. 2 Apply appropriate actions to configure, verify and troubleshoot routing and switching implementation for a network with some complexity, including IPv4 and IPv6.
NI6503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1 Demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the technologies and techniques necessary to configure Directory Services, Group Policy and account management  2 Analyse and implement and maintain appropriate unified infrastructure services
NI6504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1 Demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the technologies and techniques necessary to configure and maintain a cloud environment 2 Identify and apply appropriate actions to implement and troubleshoot common problems within a cloud environment
NI7501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate, and analyse characteristics of a specified current topic relating to Networking and Infrastructure. 2. Design and implement an appropriate technological solution to a problem or problems related to the topic.
NI7502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate and analyse characteristics of a specified emerging topic relating to networking and infrastructure. 2. Design and implement an appropriate technological solution to a problem or problems related to the topic.
IT5503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Translate program designs into a programming language. 2. Design structured programs using the principles of the top-down-refinement of pseudocode. 3. Design structured programs using flow charts to illustrate the nesting of control structures. 4. Design object-oriented programs using an iterative and incremental process. 5. Execute and debug programs.
SD6501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Develop mobile applications on a popular mobile platform 2. Write mobile application programs that exhibit different features of a programming language  3. Design and develop sophisticated mobile interfaces that utilize rapid prototyping techniques  4. Construct mobile applications that integrate data storage, serialization techniques, and cloud services 5. Combine relevant code debugging and testing methodologies for developing mobile applications 6. Prepare a mobile application for distribution
SD6502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Implement software designs in an object-oriented programming language 2. Analyse relationship between algorithms and programming, and determine their efficiency 3. Implement most commonly used abstract data types and data structures used in software development  4. Apply prototyping techniques 5. Apply effective problem-solving strategies to foster programming skills
SD6504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Explain basic game architecture and different phases in game development  2. Describe 2D and 3D graphics, game animation and fundamental concepts of game programming   3. Use an industry standard game development engine to build interactive computer games   4. Evaluate and apply game physics, multi-valued logic, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions for game development 5. Optimize, test and deploy developed games into variety of platforms (Desktop, Mobile, Web)
SD6503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Plan and implement the appropriate level of testing within the context of a software development application following the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) models 2. Construct a system that executes advanced testing processes and core testing concepts 3. Develop an automated testing environment that tests complex software application and integrates analysis and interpretation of test data 4. Explain the principles and mechanisms of software security 5. Evaluate common security risk and vulnerabilities 6. Evaluate and use appropriate tools to mitigate security risks in the new code or repair security flaws in the existing code
SD7501 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate the business, technical and social implications of web application development. 2. Analyse the background and underlying principles of web application development in the selected framework. 3. Design and implement an appropriate secure internet application solution to an unstructured problem. 4. Research and critically evaluate new tools and technologies in relation to internet application development.
SD7502 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Prepare framework in a suitable programming environment. 2. Apply the software tools required for a complex application. 3. Implement the recent advances in software development. 4. Analyse data using a pattern recognition approach to identify features of interest. 5. Research, design, develop, and reconstruct models by using current APIs for building a machine learning based application for a complex problem.
IT5510 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Identify the components of operating systems. 2. Describe the evolutionary path of operating systems. 3. Describe the background and underlying principles of operating systems. 4. Describe the operational methods of operating systems. 5. Apply operating system commands.  Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Assignment 25% 1, 2, 3 Lab Activities 35% 4, 5 Final Exam 40% 1 - 5   Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is an examination set, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments, including the examination  • Achieve a mark of 40% or above in their final examination PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 84  Resources Indicative text:  OpenCV # Computer Vision Application Programming Cookbook, latest edition. Author Robert Laganiere.  Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
IT5508 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Read circuit diagrams and apply Ohm’s Law to calculate volts, amps and resistance to simple series and parallel circuits and calculate electrical power. 2. Explain the characteristics of analogue devices, their fundamentals principles of operation, and their use.  3. Explain the characteristics of digital devices, their fundamentals principles of operation, and their use.  4. Apply fundamental principles of the safe use of the appropriate electronic test instruments to make measurements in electronic and computer equipment.  5. Use technical terminology correctly. 6. Apply safe design principles and protection.
IT5509 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Describe the fundamentals of testing, testing throughout the software life cycle, and static techniques. 2. Identify test design techniques, and apply specification-based or black-box techniques, and structure-based or white-box techniques in a practical situation. 3. Describe the management of testing and apply incident management in a practical situation. 4. Explain static techniques.
IT6509 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Explain the contribution, functions and role of IT professionals within various organisation structures and use communication tools to convey IT complexity. 2. Analyse the key principles of Business/IT Service Lifecycles using industry standard frameworks. 3. Analyse the application of various IT legal implications, compliance, IT/business ethical impacts, IT employment methodologies and workplace environments 4. Analyse IT business process risk through IT Auditing standards.
IT6503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Analyse and explain the features of various types of microcontrollers and areas of application. 2. Demonstrate the characteristics of a range of available microprocessors. 3. Select the appropriate microprocessor for a given task. 4. Program a microprocessor in a selected language. 5. Describe the operation of several of the most common industry standard interfaces. 6. Write and test a driver for one or more of the standard interfaces, some of which may be a mixture of language. 7. Develop a small embedded program to illustrate a combination of two or more standard interfaces being used at the same time.
IT6508 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Critically evaluate of the nature of research and the research process in IT (including sources of bias and ethical considerations). 2. Critically analyse the sources of research evidence and demonstrate through critical appraisal how such evidence should be interpreted and evaluated. 3. Scope a useful research question. 4. Construct an appropriate research design for a specific research question.  Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Assignment 1 30% 1 Assignment 2 30% 2 Assignment 3 40% 2-4  Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 94  Resources Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
IT6504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Derive technical requirements for an embedded system from requirements and select appropriate hardware and software for the requirements.  2. Select and use the appropriate development tools.  3. Develop hardware and software for a simple embedded system.
IT6505 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Conduct unit testing to demonstrate an understanding of effective ways to influence and improve software testing in a business setting. 2. Undertake a range of integrated testing practices, to enable the writing of professional test reports. 3. Apply the role of tester within a development team, using effective communication strategies, through co-operative work in a group, leadership, negotiation techniques and conflict management. 4. Create, maintain and run test scripts to automate testing.   Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Project 1 20% 1, 2 Group Project 2  20% 3 Project 3  20% 4 Examination  40% 1, 2, 4 PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 98  Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is an examination set, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments, including the examination  • Achieve a mark of 40% or above in their final examination  Resources Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
IT6506 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1 Investigate encoding and signalling techniques used for conveying digital information of copper media to end subscribers.  2 Identify and compare industry standards for end subscriber services including Asymmetric digital subscriber line (ADSL) and Very-high-bit-rate digital subscriber line (VDSL).  3 Configure simple end subscriber services.  4 Evaluate Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) features and practices for end subscriber service provisioning.  5 Configure services utilising MPLS features.
IT6507 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1 Identify mandatory and conformance standards and be able to list the main standards organisations.  2 Define basic elements of wireless technology.  3 Identify the purpose, features and functions of wireless networking components. 4 Demonstrate the fundamental concepts of wireless data transmission within the PC environment.  5 Demonstrate the fundamental concepts of site surveying to develop practical wireless installations.  6 Describe the fundamental concepts of wireless security.
IT7503 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Research, evaluate and analyse the background and underlying principles of the major concepts of the topic. 2. Evaluate the business, technical and social implications of the topic. 3. Design and implement an appropriate technological solution to an unstructured problem or problems related to the topic.
IT7504 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Research, analyse and critically evaluate the background, underlying principles and aspects of the major middleware concepts.  2. Assess the business, technical and social implications of middleware implementations. 3. Design and implement an appropriate technological solution to a problem requiring a middleware enabled solution.   Assessments  Assessment Method Weighting Learning Outcome/s Poster Presentation 15%  1,2 Project: Database enabled web application 35%  3 Project: Distributed database application 50%  3  Successful completion of course To pass a course where there is no final examination, a learner must: • Attempt all assessments  • Achieve an average mark of 50% or above over all assessments PR5006 Bachelor of Information Technology  page 118  Resources Teaching and Learning resources can include: • Lecturer • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • Online course resources such as lab work sheets, walkthroughs, readings, video demos, and quizzes are available to learners. • Specialist guest speakers • Specialist IT lab • Library including online resources  The course outline will contain a list of recommended resources.
IT7505 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Produce development proposals for making cost-effective design choices for the development of embedded systems 2. Set up the development system and toolchain 3. Set up the selected operating system 4. Implement the specifications 5. Test the system to verify and demonstrate that the specification has been met.
IT7506 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Select and deploy appropriate tools to test activities across a range of software architecture and application types utilising advanced version control and scripting test automation. 2. Use a range of software testing communication techniques and practices within a typical environment: mobile applications, test automation and web application testing. 3. Apply effective software testing information design and efficiency outcomes in a typical organisational environment. 4. Incorporate an appreciation of workplace software ethics, cultural awareness and legal implications into the testing process within an organisational environment. 5. Produce test reports in a highly technical and professional manner.
IT7507 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1. Evaluate Optical Transmission Concepts, Wave Division Multiplexing (WDM) and Optical Transport Hierarchy (OTH) within a given context. 2. Critically examine Multicast types and applications, Component protocols of a multicast enabled network, Multicast addressing, Interior gateway protocol (IGP) in a multicast-enabled network, Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMPv2 and IGMPv3) within a given context. 3. Compare and Contrast the options and configurations utilising policers and shapers in a quality assured network. 4. Evaluate bandwidth allocation models and features that utilise these.  5. Outline service types and the technology upon which they rely; configure technology to provide services; decide management tools to manage services; and troubleshoot services.
IT7508 : On successful completion of this course, the learner will be able to: 1.  Apply taught knowledge, research evidence and skills to a field of IT to assess work practices  2. Identify a problem relevant to the chosen organisation and recommend strategies for solving the problem 3. Document and present recommended strategies as appropriate to a selected audience
