COM502 COM502 COMMUNICATION FOR IT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Identify and explain how personal factors and behaviours can influence the communication process in business situations. 2 Apply effective interpersonal communication skills in business situations. 3 Demonstrate appropriate written and oral and visual presentation skills that are clear, concise, courteous and correct, using currently recognised business formats. 4 Discuss the influence of culture on communication in an IT context. 5 Identify and explain the professional, legal, and ethical principles and practices required to act in a socially responsible manner as an emerging IT professional. • IITP Code of Ethics • Health and Safety Act • Contract management • Privacy Act, Copyright Act (copyright and copy left) • Specific business or organisation protocols  • Digital citizenship • Professional, sustainable, socially responsible and ethical principles; ethical work practice and professional behaviour • Treaty of Waitangi None None
CSA502 CSA502 COMPUTER SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Explain the principles of computer systems architecture. 2 Discuss the principles of operation of system hardware and software components for a current generation personal computer and explain how these components interact. 3 Construct a current generation PC-based computer system that satisfies the requirements of a case study. 4 Explain and apply safe working practices for computer systems construction. 5 Identify and apply problem solving processes relevant to troubleshooting for PC-based hardware and software components. 6 Use appropriate diagnostic tools, procedures and benchmark standards to optimise the configuration of components for a PC-based computer system.  7 Describe and implement protocols used in basic foundation networking including internet concepts. • Implementing internetworking protocols  • Creating user manuals • Interpretation of physical and logical diagrams  • Security concepts, tools and techniques e.g. firewalls, white listing and blacklisting, anti-virus applications, google hacking, web cameras, with the intention that students can prevent security issues • Ethical considerations None None
DAT502 DAT502 DATABASE CONCEPTS On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Discuss how data is used in organisations. 2 Outline the principles underlying database management systems. 3 Apply the basic processes and techniques of database design.   4 Describe the management and administration of a relational database. 5 Using a commercial database management system, create and use a small database. • A broad knowledge of database concepts, including the difference between relational and non-relational databases, appropriate data type for keys, and the relationship between foreign and primary keys. • A broad knowledge of relational data management, including making use of basic SQL commands. • Relational Database Administration, including setting up database users, granting permissions, and backing up data as well as importing data from and exporting data to external systems. None None
DES501 DES501 DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Explore the operation of IT businesses. 2 Identify a range of development life cycles used in IT. 3 Describe the importance of information management for an organisation and implement a solution for a specific case study.  4 Investigate the User experience (Ux) and usability concepts in IT and apply to a particular web case study using effective interface design . • Business concepts - functions, structure and cultural context of business; impact of IT on Business • Development life cycles including migrating changes through environments; e.g. software development. game design, web development  • Data modelling; designing and creating a simple (multiple tables) database application • User experience (Ux) and usability concepts in IT • Basic principles of interaction design and human computer interaction (including accessibility) employing current and emerging technologies • Information management and retrieval • Web design and interactivity • Media design, including graphics, sound, video, text.  REQUIREMENTS FOR SUCCESSFUL COURSE COMPLETION RESULTS Assessment results Results for assessments are given in percentage marks Course results • Individual assessments may cover one or more of the learning outcomes.  • Each summative assessment is assigned a percentage weighting. • The overall percentage mark for the course is calculated by adding the weighted results for all summative assessments. • To derive the course result the overall percentage mark is converted into a grade using Course Result Key AC-NMIT-06 LEARNING AND TEACHING Learning and teaching approaches A variety of teaching and learning and learning approaches will be used in the course with an emphasis on student-centred learning.  The following learning and teaching approaches may be used in this course: online learning programme; lectures; group discussions (online or face to face); workshops, tutorials; learner managed activities; research; projects, work based activity. Learning and teaching resources • Course website • Tutor • Tutorial assistant • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projector • NMIT Moodle • Specialist guest speakers • Hardware lab • Library including online resources  Learner managed activities • Completion of course work, set assignments/projects • Reading of course materials • Study group work • Preparation for classes • Homework • Research - (e.g. exploration, location and selection of relevant information, review/ evaluation/analysis of information, recording information) • Discussions with colleagues/subject matter experts • Review application of information to course work • Practise of  relevant practical and technical skills/methods/techniques  • Self-evaluation of course work • Gathering relevant contextual information/ issues/ideas to build knowledge of the subject      Requirements • Attempt all assessments  • Gain a course result of C or higher None None
NET502 NET502 NETWORKING FUNDAMENTALS On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Identify and discuss the main issues involved in computer networking in the business environment. 2 Explain and discuss the application of fundamental network principles to the design of computer networks. 3 Describe and use physical network components effectively within a computer network. 4 Describe and use software components effectively within a computer network. 5 Describe and explain the use of a range of Internetworking technologies 6 Implement a small client/server network, utilising a modern operating system. • Networking includes reference models, addressing, cabling, wireless, protocols, topologies, security, industry networking standards, LAN and WAN devices • Network services including name resolution, access to data, applications, printing, authentication None None
OSA501 OSA501 OPERATING SYSTEMS AND APPLICATION SOFTWARE On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Understand key operating system concepts focussed on the areas of processor, memory, disk and network. 2 Perform typical file management operations, including secure file access. 3 Perform attended and unattended installations. 4 Install and manage system software and services. 5 Control and manage the boot process. 6 Manage system disks. • Common computer architecture from personal to enterprise • Operating system internals, relationship between hardware and operating system • General purpose and specialist operating systems in current use, both proprietary and open source • Conceptual knowledge of cloud services and virtualisation. • Hardware resources, network connectivity, systems and application software • Using graphical (GUI) and command line interfaces (CLI) • Organisational requirements, which must include performance, capacity, and business continuity • Understanding of application types, such as standalone, client-server, peer to peer, web service, mobile None None
SDV503 SDV503 INTRODUCTION TO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Outline the software design and development process. 2 Select and apply a suitable design methodology to the development of a software application to satisfy set requirements. 3 Select, explain and use number systems and data types in the design of software for set requirements. 4 Use a programming language correctly and effectively to develop software applications for set projects. 5 Compare and contrast selected examples of procedural and object oriented programming. • Using the prototyping software methodology students will iteratively experience the principles of implementation, user testing and deployment  • Problem solving and decision making techniques  • Number and coding systems, correct choice and use of data types  • Creating a simple single module application; • Fundamental programming constructs and principles; eg linking the concepts of software development into the basics of coding including sequence. selection and iteration and solving problems related to syntax, logic, coding standards, debugging and testing • Tools - text editors and/or integrated development environments (IDEs), logic diagrams and/or pseudo code; accessing and reading technical documentation e.g. reading and developing software plans and implementing them with the .net environment using visual studio  • Design documentation e.g. storyboards, narratives, pseudo code and flow charts None None
SDV502 SDV502 APPLICATION TESTING On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Determine client acceptance requirements and data input and exports from existing system(s). 2 Create, use and document a test plan for a solution to meet client requirements. 3 Plan and implement a testing environment. 4 Produce technical documentation for users and technical staff. • Testing procedures in the software development lifecycle • Testing in relation to software development methodologies, e.g. test driven development    • Unit testing • Regression testing  • Test driven development  • Revision control tool chains, i.e. Git HUB or similar • Functional testing • Usability testing None None
SYD502 SYD502 INTRODUCTION TO SYSTEMS ANALYSIS AND DESIGN On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Identify and discuss the principles of the systems development life cycle (SDLC). 2 Explain the need for systems analysis and design within the systems development process. 3 Explain the principles of effective IT systems analysis and design and the appropriate application of these in the systems development process. 4 Create and interpret systems design and analysis documentation. 5 Determine the need for and apply software development standards in analysis and design documentation. • Business process modelling tools to understand and document business processes;  • Analysis of requirements: stakeholder interaction and feasibility study, addressing security issues; investigating more than one pre-package solution e.g. content management system (CMS) • Use of design principles and processes; and considering design of user experience (Ux) including universal accessibility • Software development standards (e.g. proprietorial and/or in-house coding standards) None None
TEC501 TEC501 TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Discuss the basics of service standards, monitor service standards, and understand how management standards support exceptional customer service. 2 Explain the core “best practices” of an IT service desk as a function and perform troubleshooting and resolve a range of common system problems using appropriate tools and procedures. 3 Manage systems and applications to meet the performance, capacity, and business continuity requirements of an organisation. 4 Identify and describe the issues of implementing service management processes into an organisation and creating a cycle of continuous improvement. • Service management frameworks e.g. ITIL  • Protecting against unauthorised access • Auditing, logging, authentication, authorisation • Human behaviour that affects security • Following standard procedures when providing IT services • Focusing on the delivery of best services to end user • Service Desk as a function o Common system problems should include hardware, operating system, networking, application and security problems o Systems and applications includes different application types such as standalone, client-server, peer to peer, web service, mobile None None
WEB503 WEB503 INTERNET DESIGN PRINCIPLES On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Describe and discuss the operation of Internet components and the interrelationships between these components. 2 Explain the design principles required for successful Internet web page development for static and dynamic Internet web pages and apply these principles to the development and evaluation of a range of different web pages. 3 Explain the development principles required for successful Internet website development and apply these principles to the design and evaluation of websites. 4 Apply the principles of development for web. • Responsive design (device and platform independence) of user experience (Ux), including user interface (UI), HCI principles, and universal accessibility • Multi-media development for web, optimising media for web • Publishing of solution includes moving from a test environment to a live platform None None
WEB502 WEB502 FRAMEWORK CUSTOMISATION On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Select an appropriate framework set for a given brief. 2 Design a website for a particular framework. 3 Separate content from presentation in the development of a website. 4 Implement groups, roles and permissions within a website development. 5 Select and manage a host and domain names. 6 Identify and describe content types, entities and entity-relationships. • Framework sets: CMSs, but perhaps also running with other framework web systems, like Ruby on Rails, Angular.js . ASP.net, MVC • Client side web scripting such as JavaScript, cascading style sheets (CSS), and HTML, which must not undermine security • Consideration of multiple plug-in solutions • Addressing plug-in security and compatibility issues • Templating languages None None
SCM501 SCM501 SOCIAL MEDIA On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Create, develop and maintain a personalised online presence - Use a personal domain to construct a professional social media presence, - Demonstrate familiarity with the range of social media vocabulary, tools and  spaces 2 Demonstrate effective engagement in online communities  - Demonstrate the use of social media tools for a range of information dissemination and communication purposes, - Demonstrate appropriate etiquette in social media use. 3 Understand the fundamental issues around online identities and behaviour. - Understand the ethical and, legal elements of social media use - Understand the safety and privacy issues of social media use. 4 Demonstrate and critically evaluate the role of social media as a professional tool. - Evaluate social media for use in a personal/professional capacity - Integrate social media into an overall communications strategy - Identify strategies for effective implementation of social media - Understand how to watch for, and adapt to, changes in the use of social media  None None
DAT601 DAT601 DATABASE DESIGN AND ADMINISTRATION On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Explain and evaluate the use of data modelling in information systems development. 2 Implement a suitable database development methodology. 3 Correctly use Structured Query Language (SQL) in the development of a relational database. 4 Outline the fundamental principles of effective data management within an organisation. Content may include but is not limited to: • Data modelling using Conceptual, Logical and Physical Models, for a business data management problem • Principles of a DBMS management tool, for assessing scale of a database , and speed of execution • SQL for DDL, and DML, up to and including an introduction to procedural and transact SQL concepts • Apply a well-established process for database design and implementation, and management DAT501 or DAT502 Database Concepts or equivalent skills and knowledge None
DAT602 DAT602 DATABASE APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Analyse and evaluate an existing database application design. 2 Apply Structured Query Language (SQL) to access and update a database. 3 Design and implement a prototype single-user database application. 4 Explain and compare different approaches to the management of effective concurrent data access. Content may include but is not limited to: • Database driven application development in a database supportive code stack • Transact, and Procedural SQL that supports high volume and or iterative transactions from an application • Analysis of an existing database driven application DAT501 or DAT502 Database Concepts and either SDV501 or SDV503 Introduction to Software Development or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
NET603 NET603 PRACTICAL NETWORK DEVELOPMENT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Analyse and discuss corporate network and Internet-work principles, components and technologies. 2 Evaluate and undertake the design activities required for building effective network systems. 3 Evaluate and undertake the implementation and testing activities of network systems, by creating a complex client/server based network, utilising modern network operating systems. 4 Evaluate and undertake network administration activities. 5 Analyse and evaluate cloud solutions, then implement appropriate solutions into a complex client/server based network. This course includes, but is not limited to: • IPv4 and IPv6 protocol understanding and work • Network Design • PowerShell • Build, verify, and document a SME network in a virtual environment NET501or NET502 Networking Fundamentals; or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
NET602 NET602 NETWORK MANAGEMENT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Analyse requirements, plan and implement an SME network for a given business problem. 2 Understand, plan and implement fault tolerant core networking services. 3 Understand, plan and implement additional services dependent on the core ICT platform. 4 Analyse and critically evaluate technologies for an SME network. Secure Wireless Technologies Implement several features of Windows Server family to provide a secure and functional network for an organisation. Utilise technologies such as Sophos server, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft Active Directory, IPSEC for domain isolation, and research technologies such as NAP. NET501 or NET502 Networking Fundamentals; or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
PFW601 PFW601 PROFESSIONAL AND TECHNICAL WRITING On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Identify, discuss and apply a range of advanced interpersonal communication skills typically used in an appropriate professional environment. 2 Investigate and develop a persuasive case related to an appropriate and current issue and use advanced presentation skills, assisted by electronic media, to present that case. 3 Identify common issues for users of technical manuals and address those issues through the design and production of a technical manual that meets a specified audience’s need. 4 Identify an appropriate topic for research, carry out the location, selection and analysis of information from a variety of sources and produce two professionally written outputs from that research. • Evaluating different types of documentation in the business and IT contexts • Designing and developing manuals on a range of topics • Undertaking a research project on a business or IT-related field, including composing a research proposal, keeping a progress report, producing a literature review and a final secondary research report • Planning, preparing and presenting a persuasive talk on a controversial topic in business and IT • Identifying and interpreting a range of interpersonal communication skills at a workplace, especially in the context of business and IT COM540 Professional Communications or COM501 or COM502 Communication for IT or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
SDV601 SDV601 SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Describe the principles of the object model and explain its application to software development. 2 Apply object-oriented analysis tools and techniques appropriately to the development of software applications. 3 Apply object-oriented design tools and techniques effectively to the design of software that meets the requirements of a set project brief. 4 Explain the features of an object-oriented programming language that supports the object model and use this language correctly in the development of software. 5 Apply the principles of object-oriented analysis (OOA) and object-oriented design (OOD) and object-oriented programming (OOP) to software development. Content may include but is not limited to: • OO principles and methodology, OOA, OOP • Unified Modelling Language • Practical case-study • The Visual Studio IDE • C# programming language SDV501 or SDV503 Introduction to Software Development or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
SDV602 SDV602 SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT 2 On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Examine and show understanding of a new programming language and identify its purpose and characteristics. 2 Demonstrate independence in the investigation and effective application of language syntax features. 3 Effectively design and implement a software project in response to the requirements of a project brief.  The software produced will be of an intermediate to advanced level.  SDV501 or SDV503 Introduction to Software Development or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
SEC602 SEC602 SYSTEMS SECURITY On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Identify network attack strategies and defences. 2 Discuss the principles of organisational security and describe the elements of effective security policies. 3 Outline the technologies and uses of cryptographic standards and products. 4 Identify network, and host based security technologies and practices. 5 Describe with examples how wireless and remote access security is enforced. 6 Describe the standards and products used to enforce security on web and communications technologies. 7 Identify strategies for ensuring business continuity, fault tolerance, and disaster recovery and discuss relative strengths and weaknesses. The course draws on content from: Security Threats and Controls (Systems security, Social Engineering. Threats and Attacks), Identity Access and Management(Crypto Access and Control, Cyphers, SSL.TLS, Radius Authentication),Network Security (FTP,SFTPS, SPF Domain Keys DMARC, MX Toolbox, Secure Network Design, Security and Applications, Wireless Network Security, VPN and Remote Access Security , IoT Compromise, DNSSec), Host, Data, and Application Security (Web Application Security, Data Security, CIS Controls MS Windows Cyber Hygiene, AWS Best Practices, Shared Responsibility Model, ASP.NET Application Security, SQL Injection – Damn Vulnerable Web Application(DWVA)), Operations Security( Mobilr and Embedded Device Security, Business Continuity Planning, Risk management, Incident Management, Security Policies and Training, Scoping Security Assessments, Physical Security Controls CompTIA Security). Defence In Depth( SANS Glossary of Security Terms, NIST Glossary of Security Terms, NSA Defence in Depth, SANS Institute InfoSec Reading Room) NET501 or NET502 Networking Fundamentals; or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
SYD601 SYD601 SYSTEMS ANALYSIS AND DESIGN On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Illustrate how different object-oriented tools and techniques are integrated within an information systems development methodology. 2 Use integrated object-oriented techniques for systems analysis and design of an information system for a given situation. 3 Use automated object-oriented tools for the recording and management of requirements for the analysis and design of an information system for a given situation. 4 Utilize a methodological approach to create comprehensive analysis and design documentation for the analysis and design of an information system for a given situation. Investigation and use of the unified process methodology, unified modelling language and software tools for managing and documenting the analysis and design of an information system from an object-oriented perspective. SYD501 or SYD502 Introduction to Systems Analysis and Design; or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
WEB601 WEB601 DYNAMIC WEB TECHNOLOGY On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Compare and contrast server side environments, security mechanisms and protocols that are used to support a web server to serve dynamically generated content to a client web browser. 2 Create server side dynamically generated web pages for specific business, computing or other specialist area.  WEB501 or WEB503 Internet Design Principles, plus SDV501 or SDV503 Introduction to Software Development or equivalent skills and knowledge and either DAT501 or DAT502 Database Concepts or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
MUV601 MUV601 IMMERSIVE MULTI-USER VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENTS On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Use appropriate techniques and software tools to develop and evaluate interactive applications in an immersive multi-user environment. 2 Investigate and evaluate interactive applications in immersive multi-user virtual environments. 3 Critically analyse their own and others’ work and maintain a digital journal of their investigations and evaluations. 4 Critically reflect on the potential, limitations and issues of working and using immersive multi-user environments. Students will research and analyse multi-user virtual environments and the communities that use them, including an evaluation of the potential and problems that such environments may have when used for supporting commercial, academic or entertainment activities.  Students will design, build and evaluate their own interactive application with a MUVE and provide reflective feedback on their own and others’ work.  A significant part of the class sessions will be conducted within a multi-user virtual environment. Completion of 15 credits in IT Level 5 None
DAT701 DAT701 ENTERPRISE DATABASE SOLUTIONS On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Design, document and implement conceptual, logical and physical models for a complex database system. 2 Reflect on and justify the reasons for decisions made during the design process including the choice of the specific Database Management System (DBMS). 3 Evaluate performance issues and methods of performance measurement for an enterprise database. 4 Investigate historical and contemporary developments in database models and systems.  DAT601 Database Design and Administration or DAT602 Database Application Development or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
NET701 NET701 ENTERPRISE INFRASTRUCTURES On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Evaluate a range of advanced technologies used to support large scale networked systems. 2 Research emerging technologies and justify their potential role in enterprise ICT systems, and present this research in a well organised professional format. 3 Critically evaluate the role of an ICT framework(s) for effective management and delivery of an enterprise ICT service. This course focuses on the development and management of enterprise ICT infrastructures. It addresses the technical and strategic issues that are involved in the provision of ICT services in large organisations. Students investigate and evaluate the range of advanced technologies used to support large scale networked systems. New advances in technology are researched and their potential impact evaluated. Service management policies to support organisations to deliver well managed ICT services are explored. NET602 Network Management or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
NET702 NET702 CLOUD SERVICES On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Critically analyse cloud solutions. 2 Outline current issues pertaining to cloud environments. 3 Plan and configure a cloud solution. 4 Plan and perform a cloud transition.  NET603 Practical Network Development and NET602 Network Management or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
PRJ701 PRJ701 PROJECT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Work independently and apply analytical and critical decision making in the development of a project within a specialist field. 2 Produce a comprehensive formal report recording all relevant project activity & outcomes. 3 Present aspects of the project activity to an invited and diverse audience in a professional and informative manner. 4 Reflect critically on the learning experiences of the project work. Note: specific learning outcomes may be related to types of projects, for example a development project would require the creation of a ‘computing product’. • Independent research • Problem formulation • Case analysis • Critical decision making • Formal report writing • Journal keeping • Professional project presentation • Critical process- and result reflection  
PRJ702 PRJ702 GRADUATE DIPLOMA PROJECT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Work independently and apply analytical and critical decision making in the development of a project within a specialist field. 2 Plan, organise and implement the project in an effective and appropriate manner. 3 Produce a comprehensive formal report recording all relevant project activity & outcomes. 4 Make an oral presentation of the process and conclusions of the project. 5 Reflect on the learning process as experiences throughout carrying out the project work. Note: specific learning outcomes may be related to types of projects, for example a development project would require the creation of a ‘computing product’. • Independent research • Problem formulation • Case analysis • Critical decision making • Formal report writing • Journal keeping • Professional project presentation • Critical process- and result reflection RES701 Research Methods Graduate Diploma students only None
RES701 RES701 RESEARCH METHODS On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Critically evaluate of the nature of research and the research process, (including sources of bias and ethical considerations). 2 Critically analyse the sources of research evidence and demonstrate through critical appraisal how such evidence should be interpreted and evaluated. 3 Apply their understanding of the basic issues involved to the determination and scoping of a useful research question. 4 Apply their understanding of the basic principles of common research methods to the construction of an appropriate research design for a specific research question. 5 Create an appropriate research proposal for an individually selected research question and approach. • Critical thinking and analysis • Research methods and methodologies • Literature search and evaluation • Formal academic presentation • Creation of a research proposal • Ethical research guidelines Completion of 60 credits at Level 6 None
SDV701 SDV701 TIERED SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Select appropriate design patterns for a software development project, apply the design patterns and justify the choices made. 2 Select an appropriate tiered application architecture design for a software development project, apply the design and justify the choices made. 3 Evaluate the usefulness of object-oriented programming language features in the development of software for a range of uses. 4 Design and develop a tiered software system using different software technologies that satisfies the requirements of a project brief. 5 Evaluate the usefulness of a range of models of software development for tiered applications. Content may include but is not limited to: • Revision of OO principles and UML • Improving existing OO code through refactoring • Applying software design patterns • Organising code projects into tiers and layers • Integrating software projects with a DBMS • Combining disparate software front- and back ends SDV601 Software Development or equivalent skills and knowledge, including fundamental database knowledge and basic SQL skills. None
SYD701 SYD701 SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT METHODOLOGIES On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Examine and explain a range of different contexts in which information system development occurs 2 Explore and critically analyse the fundamental concepts and application of differing systems development methodologies 3 Select and apply methods and tools commonly used in the analysis and design of information systems 4 Evaluate the use of different methods and methodologies for the development of complex information systems. • Introducing tools that are used in software development such as Git, GitHub, Trello, Slack • Introducing system development lifecycle and its historical progress  • Introducing agile practices, tools, methods • Applying agile concepts to devise a team project plan • Overview of DevOps SYD601 Systems Analysis and Design or equivalent skills and knowledge. None
WEB701 WEB701 WEB TECHNOLOGIES On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Analyse and critically compare a number of existing web application frameworks. 2 Modify a database-driven dynamic application to meet specified requirements. 3 Implement and then critically assess the use of a modern web technology in a specific business context. 4 Research emerging web technologies and justify their potential role in advanced web systems in a range of different situations, and present the research in an appropriate format. Content may include but is not limited to: • Web technologies • Web frameworks • Design and coding systems, for current exemplars of web stacks • Laravel, Meteor, Angular, React, Node.js (JavaScript) based systems • LAMP based systems • Microsoft .Net MVC, Java Enterprise technologies • Database systems (e.g. MS SQL, MySQL, and Oracle Rbs) and noSQL systems (e.g. Firebase and MongoDB) • Blockchain interfaces (Etherium) plus other non-currency based trust systems, AI – tensorflow.js, IBM Watson • Cloud based Quantum computing interfaces WEB601 Dynamic Web Technology None
INF755 INF755 PROJECT MANAGEMENT Note: This course is part of the Bachelor of Commerce programme and is subject to the Programme Regulations for the Bachelor of Commerce. On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1. Critically investigate contemporary software and tools used in current project management practice. 2. Plan, implement and complete projects on time, within budget and scope 3. Model the skills involved in project quality, scope, time, cost, human resources, communications, risk, procurement, and integration management   ASSESSMENT AND RESULTS Basis of Assessment Achievement Based  Assessment Learning Outcomes  % Weightings  Assessment 1 1, 2 30% Assessment 2 2, 3 25% Assessment 3 1, 2, 3 45%  Assessment Results Results for Achievement Based assessment are given in percentage marks. Course Results AC-NMIT-05 Requirements for Successful Course Completion In order to pass a course, students must:  • Submit all summative assessments • Achieve an overall mark of at least 50%   LEARNING AND TEACHING Learning and Teaching Approaches Blended Delivery: Approaches equipping students with investigative, interpretative and, analytical skills consistent with the graduate outcomes and core transferable skills. • Lectures • Online activities • Inquiry and Project Based Learning  Learning and Teaching Approaches Online Delivery: Activities may include: • Downloadable pre-recorded lectures • Online forums and discussion groups • Presentations with or without voice-over • Worksheets and other directed tasks Learning and Teaching Resources Blended Delivery: Resources may include, but are not limited to: • Programme Handbook • Tutor • NMIT Moodle and Computer lab • Handouts • Case Studies • Library including online resources  • Video conference facilities • Classrooms equipped with computer and data projection • Selected texts • Open Education Resources Learning and Teaching Resources Online Delivery: • Programme Handbook • NMIT Moodle online learning platform  • Online facilitator • Scenarios and simulations may be used to meet these learning outcomes. • Online templates where applicable • Online resources through NMIT library services • Online spaces for collaborative learning Learner managed activities Activities may include, but are not limited to: • Completion of course work, set assignments/projects • Reading of course materials • Preparation for classes • Homework • Discussions with colleagues/subject matter experts,  • Study group work • Research - (e.g. exploration, location and selection of relevant information, review/ evaluation/analysis of information, recording information) • Review application of information to course work  • Practise of relevant practical and technical skills/methods/techniques • Self-evaluation of course work • Gathering relevant contextual information/issues/ideas to build knowledge of the subject  : Students must have successfully completed  180 credits of degree level (or 60 Graduate Diploma credits) study Or equivalent knowledge and skills : None
SEC701 SEC701 SYSTEMS SECURITY 2 On successful completion of this course students will be able to: 1 Analyse and critique a range of ICT system security concepts, issues, policies and techniques used in the contemporary corporate environment. 2 Select, develop and implement effective strategies for securely protecting the IT system infrastructure and evaluate their use in the corporate environment. 3 Develop and implement effective strategies to handle business system-security breaches and evaluate their use in a corporate environment.  SEC602 Systems Security None
