704.7I730 :: ADVANCED E-COMMERCE ::AIM::  To enable students to examine the concepts and requirements of E-Commerce as practiced in the marketplace and to construct systems for doing business electronically and to understand the standards used in Business to Business (B2B) communications and electronic data exchange (EDI).  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Evaluate the role, function and approaches to electronic data interchange (EDI). 2. Implement systems using B2B e-commerce.  ::CONTENT::   Using EDI as a diagnostic tool  Alternative approaches to EDI including UN/EDIFACT and XML  Security of EDI messages, solutions and auditing requirements  Key technologies and applications of B2B EC   Classification of architectural models  Supplier oriented, buyer orientated and intermediary oriented marketplaces.  Procurement re-engineering and just-in-time delivery and design methodology for system implementation  Integration of e-commerce with back-end information  Marketing issues in B2B e-commerce  The role of agents in B2B e-commerce  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5I530 Introduction to E-Commerce  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.7T700 :: ADVANCED NETWORKS ::AIM::  To evaluate network solutions, select an appropriate technology for a given situation, and justify their selection.  Learners will also be able to install a network solution and demonstrate an understanding of network administration.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Design a complex network to meet user requirements. 2. Integrate a network with a multi-user system. 3. Analyse and apply the concepts of network administration.  ::CONTENT::   Network design overview – network requirements, design goals, design techniques  Distributed systems and client server administration  System integration  Network security  o Ensuring data and network continuity o Intrusion prevention  Wireless networking  Windows client server Configuration o Active directory configuration and implementation on LAN o Installation of network end user devices    ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6T600 Network Infrastructure  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.7D726 :: ADVANCED WEB PROGRAMMING ::AIM::  To develop advanced web based applications which can interact with databases via the internet.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Evaluate Internet application frameworks with regards to web application development. 2. Evaluate and implement Internet server based database management systems. 3. Construct a web based Internet enabled application. 4. Apply XML (Extensible Markup Language).  ::CONTENT::   Development frameworks   Server based database management systems  Construct a web application   XML  Advanced JS, HTML5, CSS  Version control (Git)   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6D626 Fundamental Web Programming   ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5T507 :: APPLICATION TESTING AND MAINTENANCE ::AIM::  To provide students with the skills to publish a web application, and produce user documentation and training material.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Migrate a web solution from development to a testing environment. 2. Create and use a test plan for a web solution. 3. Move a solution from a test environment to a live platform. 4. Configure applications to meet requirements and obtain client acceptances. 5. Produce user training material.  ::CONTENT::   Test plans including functional testing, usability testing, standards compliance testing  Set-up and migration from development to testing environment  Performing testing and maintenance in accordance with a software development paradigm  Carrying out functional testing of applications in multiple user environments with combinations of browsers and devices  Measuring usability and compliance to standards  Ensuring a solution works according to specifications  Client acceptance process for a development project  User training requirements and documentation   ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6D630 :: APPLIED COMPUTING ::AIM::  To develop the skills, competence and confidence to use generic software applications and productivity tools effectively in a business environment.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Use of a range of generic software tools to increase productivity in a business environment. 2. Solve business problems by correctly identifying the business requirements, designing and developing a solution using appropriate software tools. 3. Extract, disseminate and organise information to produce management reports to aid in the decision making processes of a business organisation.  ::CONTENT::   Functionality of business software applications to enhance productivity  Customise and integrate multiple applications to achieve optimal efficiency  Matching methodologies to user requirements   Software tool selection  Application of design techniques  Solution evaluation  Data retrieval and manipulation for reporting  Problem solving  Designing and developing decision support systems   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5T550 Computer Systems  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.7I798 :: APPLIED PROJECT ::AIM::  To develop an ICT system, including software and or hardware in accordance with an agreed proposal.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, the student will be able to: 1. Negotiate a project plan and learning contract to meet project proposal. 2. Develop a proposal identifying the project objectives, systems requirements, conceptual design, specifications and project plan to meet end user requirements. 3. Develop a working system or prototype to meet project proposal. 4. Develop a test plan to test the system.  ::CONTENT::   Learning contract including agreed assessment methodology  Project conceptualisation  Systems development methodology  Identification of end user and potential market  Analysis of user requirements   Analysis of user information systems to model information structure, flow and processes  Supporting documentation standards  Quality assurance including planning, systems development management, development standards, documentation standards, inspections, reviews, test plans, testing metrics, reuse, change control  ::PREREQUISITES::  All compulsory Level 5 and level 6 courses   ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5O550 :: BUSINESS COMMUNICATION ::AIM::  To apply theories and techniques associated with interpersonal and organisational communication within an information systems context.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate oral presentation and writing skills that are clear, concise, courteous and correct, using currently recognised business formats. 2. Demonstrate and apply an understanding of communication theories and Interpersonal communication process in a business setting. 3. Evaluate the impact and influence of positive and effective communication management on organisational performance in a business setting. 4. Construct reports on a technical subject from information system (IS), information technology (IT) and communications technology. 5. Investigate the nature and significance of identity, culture and values, and demonstrate their relevance to the communication process.  ::CONTENT::   Oral presentation skills  Writing skills for business communication  Basic business communication theories and processes  Interpersonal communication skills  Identity, culture, values in relation to communication  Professional behaviours  Technical documentation and reports from IS, IT and communication technologies  Communication management and organisational performance       ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6T650 :: COMPUTER OPERATING SYSTEMS ::AIM::  To understand the components of multi-user operating systems, the interaction between those components and the techniques involved in managing and organising the operating systems components; and use the basic commands of a multi-user operating system; and carry out basic systems administration.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Explain the internal operation of computing hardware and the functions of the basic system’s programs: processors, registers memory, device controller interrupt techniques, DMA. 2. Use commands for a multi-user operating system. 3. Compare techniques and algorithms used in memory management and file systems. 4. Analyse the characteristics and performance of networks.  ::CONTENT::   Hardware internals and systems programs   Use multi-user operating systems commands   Operating system internals   Characteristics and performance of network operating systems   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5T550 Computer Systems   ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5T550 :: COMPUTER SYSTEMS ::AIM::  To provide students with the skills to apply the fundamental knowledge of the architecture and internal operation of a computer system.   .  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Install and configure hardware resources including PCs, laptops and mobile devices. 2. Demonstrate skills in networking including internet concepts. 3. Install and configure systems software. 4. Carry out hardware and software diagnostic testing, maintenance, technical and customer support. 5. Demonstrate advanced technical knowledge of applications for supporting user requirements. 6. Apply security concepts, tools and techniques.  ::CONTENT::   Installation and configuration of hardware  components  Installation systems software   Basic network concepts and technologies (such as: topologies, basic network components and basic internet services)    Testing and maintaining hardware and system software   Diagnostic applications supporting technical and user requirements   Security concepts, applications, tool and techniques  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.D720 :: DATA MINING AND KNOWLEDGE EXTRACTION ::AIM::  To understand and apply different data mining techniques used to extract information from raw data including intelligent algorithms computational paradigms that enables data modelling, prediction / forecasting and the discovery of hidden patterns or anomalies in databases.   ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Articulate the rational of data mining in the context of information systems including decision tree techniques. 2. Evaluate a range of classification techniques including regression analysis and supervised learning. 3. Analyse and demonstrate clustering techniques 4. Analyse the role of dimensionality reduction and associated techniques 5. Evaluate a range of visualisation techniques  ::CONTENT::   Data mining and decision tree construction  Use of data mining for enhanced decision making  Data mining types  Classification techniques including regression analysis  Association rules  Clustering techniques  Role of dimensionality reduction  Visualisation techniques  Nature inspired computing  Learning behaviour including supervised or unsupervised learning    ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.7D711 :: DATABASE DESIGN AND APPLICATIONS ::AIM::  To demonstrate basic theoretical and practical knowledge for working with database management systems, data modelling, and data base design, and identifying and resolving security, integrity, and recovery issues.   ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Discuss the fundamental characteristics of database management systems. 2. Evaluate a specified database management system. 3. Design and implement a database application to meet specifications. 4. Tune a database to optimise transaction performance. 5. Diagnose and resolve problems related to security, integrity, recovery and audit.  ::CONTENT::   Characteristics of database management systems  Evaluation criteria for database management systems  Design of database applications against specifications  Tuning databases for optimal transaction performance  Problem resolution related to security, integrity, recovery and audit  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6I650 System Analysis and Design  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.7T770 :: DISTRIBUTED SYSTEMS ::AIM::  To evaluate technology and strategies to implement a distributed environment including analysis of requirements, selection of appropriate distributed technologies and justification of selection and technical feasibility of the solution.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Evaluate current technologies used in distributed computing. 2. Evaluate distributed computing technologies for a given situation. 3. Assemble and configure a distributed computer system to demonstrate the technical feasibility of the solution.  ::CONTENT::   Approaches to distributed computing   Assemble and configure a distributed computer system   Evaluate the wider issues on DCE   Characteristics and operation of DCE   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6T650 Computer Operating Systems; and 704.6T600 Network Infrastructure  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6T660 :: LEARNING AND PRESENTATION ::AIM::  To plan, develop, deliver and evaluate a computer based interactive training session for a workplace setting.   ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Analyse the components of training. 2. Plan, deliver and evaluate the effectiveness of a computer based interactive training programme to deliver a skill or topic. 3. Presentation on the theory and practice of computer based training.  ::CONTENT::   Training principles  Interactive instruction techniques   Presentation skills  E-Learning components   E-learning design and development  Evaluate  implement  Techniques such as brainstorming and Q/A  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5O500 :: FINANCIAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS ::AIM::  To understand and apply theories and computerised tools associated with business processes to business structures, business planning and accounting.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate understanding of organisational entities. 2. Demonstrate understanding of business planning. 3. Apply theories and tools associated with accounting.  ::CONTENT::   Organisational and business entities  Lining the nature of business to organisational type  Environmental factors which influence businesses  Financial budgets and business plans for small businesses  Information sources, transaction records, tracking data flow, ledger accounts, trial balances  Statements of financial performance and position  Financial analysis   ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6D626 :: FUNDAMENTAL WEB PROGRAMMING AND DESIGN ::AIM::  To write basic web based programmes, read data from a database and link databases and web pages.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Explain the design principles of web sites and web pages including HTML standards, frames and styles. 2. Implement and manage a range of design technologies. 3. Describe, assess, implement and manage a range of server scripting. 4. Implement and manage Structured Query Language (SQL) and Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) interface.  ::CONTENT::   Design principles  Current technologies and frameworks.  Content Management System and Scripting Language (example PHP, JavaScript, Python)  SQL and ODBC  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  704.O560 Social Implications of Computing Technology  ::
704.7I799 :: INDUSTRY BASED PROJECT ::AIM::  To analyse system requirements and produce fully documented systems analyses using appropriate system development methods.  To enable graduates to manage both information systems departments and teams more effectively.  Topics covered will include several analysis and IS management methods, including the need for the highest standards of ethics and professionalism in IS practice.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Develop all or a large part of an industry-standard, industry-based information system. 2. Processes to ensure quality systems analysis of a professional standard.  ::CONTENT::   Systems development methodology  Obtaining and analysing user requirements  Analysis of user information systems to model information structure, flow and processes  Supporting documentation standards  Being professional  Learning logs  Quality assurance including planning, systems development management, development standards, documentation standards, inspections, reviews, test plans, testing metrics, reuse, change control  ::PREREQUISITES::   All compulsory level 5 and level 6 courses   ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5I500 :: INFORMATION SYSTEMS ::AIM::  To understand the principles, roles and organisation of information systems within organisations; to explain the nature, value and usage of information including privacy issues relating to both implementation and use; and to describe types of information systems and apply information gathering techniques.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Explain the nature, value and use of information and information systems. 2. Describe the fundamentals of systems theory, types of information systems and their roles within organisations. 3. Explain the role and structure of information systems departments. 4. Explain the methodology used to develop automated business information systems. 5. Explain the privacy issues relating to the implementation and use of information systems.  ::CONTENT::   Nature, value and usage of information and information systems  Systems theory in relation to information systems  Type and role of information systems   Role and structure of information departments  Development methodologies for automated business information systems  Privacy and the implementation and use of information systems  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.T725 :: INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ::AIM::  To analyse security policies, models and mechanisms for secrecy, integrity, availability and application.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Discuss the implications of security related issues including policies, confidentiality, integrity, availability, authenticity. 2. Analyse the application of cryptography including basic number theory, symmetric key cryptosystems, public key cryptosystems, hash functions and key management. 3. Examine the key principles and concepts relating to identification and authentication. 4. Analyse key issues related to network and distributed systems. 5. Evaluate advanced security issues and systems including malicious software, multi-level security, secure information systems, auditing and intrusion detection and prevention.  ::CONTENT::   Security principles and concepts  Cryptography  Authentication  Distributed system security  Network security  Cyber operations security  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6T600 Network Infrastructure; 704.6T650 Computer Operating Systems  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.7I700 :: INFORMATION SYSTEMS STRATEGIC PLANNING ::AIM::  To prepare an information systems strategic plan for an organisation defining the way an organisation will use information technology and systems to support its strategic aims, objectives and strategies taking cognisance of the organisational and social impact of information systems, their development and how emerging technologies can be used for competitive advantage.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Evaluate the relationship between information systems and the structure of an organisation, its value chain, operating system model, culture and its environmental factors. 2. Prepare a plan which defines the way an organisation will use information technology and systems to support the strategic aims of the organisation.  ::CONTENT::   Organisational structures and impact of IS  Principles of strategic management   Value chains  IT and the design of work processes   Operating system model and culture  Environmental factors  Strategic planning  Designing and developing plans   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6I600 Management of Information Systems   ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5I530 :: COMMERCE ::AIM::  To develop a basic understanding of the business, legal and technological issues in the field of electronic commerce.   ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Define the nature of electronic commercial transactions.  2. Describe the types of technology needed to carry on commerce via electronic means including       software and hardware.  3. Identify and explain the security problems facing e-commerce and describe the mechanism and techniques available to combat these problems.  4. Integrate the use of technology and the prescripts of law (privacy, copy right and secured payment) into the conduct of e-commerce.   ::CONTENT::   Defining electronic business transactions   Commercial challenges of e-commerce   Current technological systems   Marketing fit   Common ED security challenges    Technological risk solutions   Encryptions, digital signatures and certification techniques   Interrelationship between business, law and technology   Forming and conducting e-commerce business   Radical new development for e-commerce    ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6O691 :: IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT ::AIM::  To understand the requirements of project planning, control and use project management software to manage IT Project tasks.    ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Produce a project plan meeting a defined specification.  2. Apply the steps and techniques used in project control. 3. Produce professional documentation including a detailed project report. 4. Produce an implementation plan for an information system to a pre-defined standard.  5. Prepare a feasibility analysis including a cost / benefit analysis.  ::CONTENT::   Budgeting and scheduling with certainty   Statistical methods   Budgeting and scheduling with uncertainty  Basic management theory    Project planning and organising   Project execution, control, evaluation and termination   Quality management and control  PM Overview  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6I600 :: MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS ::AIM::  To understand and apply IT terminology and principles within a business context including competitive advantage and return on investment.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate proficiency in the use of a range of generic software tools to increase productivity in a business environment. 2. Extract, disseminate and organise information to produce management reports to aid organisational decision making. 3. Analyse a range of enterprise resource planning systems. 4. Evaluate a range of transaction processing systems.  ::CONTENT::   Software tools used for business and commerce  Decision support systems  Enterprise resource planning  Transaction processing systems  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5I500 Information Systems  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.T655 :: MOBILE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT ::AIM::  To understand and apply mobile application development including fundamental programming principles, software architecture and user experiences for handheld software applications and their development environments.   ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate an understanding and application of principles relating to a mobile platform and its development environment. 2. Create a project working with a mobile platform’s development environment. 3. Evaluate a range of interface designs and applications. 4. Apply graphics and multimedia including location and maps, view and drawable animation. 5. Apply a range of data management including file access, and database.  ::CONTENT::   Mobile platform and development environment  Application fundamentals  User interface design and application  Graphics and multimedia  Data management   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6D600 Programming 2  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6T600 :: NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE ::AIM::  To install, configure, administer and solve problems related to networks.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Evaluate a range of computer and data communications systems in organisations. 2. Demonstrate an understanding of basic networking. 3. Assemble and configure a local area network. 4. Solve problems with local area networks.  ::CONTENT::   Data communication  Encoding methods  International organisations and standards  Wide area networks and local area networks  Network typologies and protocols  Public network facilities  LAN assembly, configuration, installation and testing  Diagnostic tools for hardware and software    ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6I630 :: COMMERCE ::AIM::  To develop a basic understanding of the business, legal and technological issues in the field of electronic commerce.    ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Define the nature of electronic commercial transactions. 2. Describe the types of technology needed to carry on commerce via electronic means including software and hardware. 3. Identify and explain the security problems facing e-commerce and describe the mechanism and techniques available to combat these problems. 4. Integrate the use of technology and the prescripts of law into the conduct of commerce electronically.  ::CONTENT::   Defining electronic business transactions  Commercial challenges of e-commerce  Current technological systems  Marketing fit  Common ED security challenges  Technological risk solutions    Encryptions, digital signatures and certification techniques  Interrelationship between business, law and technology  Forming and conducting eCommerce business  Radical new development for e-commerce  Legal obligations  Financial systems (banking, accounting and business transactions)  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5I530 Introduction to e-Commerce  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6D620 :: PROGRAMME DESIGN ::AIM::  To design quality software commonly used in business using a variety of techniques; and to engage with system modelling and the full software engineering life-cycle using case studies, supported by CASE tools, to identify alternative approaches to software development.    ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Analyse algorithm design in terms of principles of good design and performance. 2. Model and design software typically required in industry. 3. Implement processes to ensure quality software.  ::CONTENT::   Overview of Software Development Processes o Traditional Software Development Life o AGILE Software Development Approach o Challenges/Issues of Software Development  Principles of good design   Unified Modelling Language with CASE tool o Requirement and Analysis Modelling  o Design Models  Version Control  Quality Assurance and Maintenance  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5D520 Programming 1   ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.5D520 :: PROGRAMMING 1 ::AIM::  To provide students with the fundamental knowledge of scripting to perform typical system management tasks.   ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Apply programming concepts and tools to system management tasks.   2. Describe and explain procedural and object oriented programming. 3. Apply principles of implementation (user testing, deployment). 4. Demonstrate programming using core logic and mathematical concepts such as problem solving methods, critical thinking, abstract reasoning; and systems thinking.    ::CONTENT::   Development Tools; Integrated development environment (IDE), flow diagrams and/or pseudo code, accessing and reading technical help documentation   Fundamental programming constructs and principles; readable code, data types, variables, operators, selection, iteration and data structures (arrays).  Object oriented programming; classes, fields, constructors and methods   Implementation principles; create a simple application which includes accessing and using a class, practical debugging techniques  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6D600 :: PROGRAMMING 2 ::AIM::  Students will be able to write and maintain programs using appropriate design patterns, data structures and algorithms.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate effective use and understanding of procedural and Object Oriented programming.  2. Write applications using design patterns. 3. Write applications using appropriate data structures and algorithms. 4. Select and apply appropriate data validation techniques.    ::CONTENT::   Programming syntax and structure; Sequence, selection and iteration.  Design patterns (such as: Unified Modelling Language).   Design a simple application.  Class Members; Fields, properties, constructors, methods, events and delegates.   Standard Controls; Events and properties.   Object oriented principles; Encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism.  Data Structures; Arrays and collections.  ::PREREQUISITES::  704.5D520 Programming 1  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6O690 :: PROJECT MANAGEMENT ::AIM::  To understand the requirements of project planning, control and use project management software to manage IT Project tasks.    ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Demonstrate knowledge of introductory project management principles to projects. 2. Apply project management principles to create project plans for simple projects. 3. Apply project management principles to execute, monitor and control simple projects.  ::CONTENT::   Budgeting and scheduling with certainty   Statistical methods   Budgeting and scheduling with uncertainty  Basic management theory   Project planning and organising   Project execution, control, evaluation and termination   Quality management and control  PM Overview    ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.O560 :: SOCIAL IMPLICATIONS OF COMPUTING TECHNOLOGY ::AIM::  To understand the development, application and consequences of information technology as both a social and technological process including identification of the ethical issues implicit in the computerisation in society.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Discuss the evolution of the development and applications of technology in society. 2. Discuss the ethical issues and implications associated with the use of technology. 3. Identify the legislative requirements relating to privacy and technology. 4. Identify the legal, ethical and social issues relating to information systems and network security. 5. Discuss the potential challenges and opportunities associated with technological advancement.  ::CONTENT::   Evolution of computer technology in society  Impact of computer technology in society  Ethical theories and intellectual property  Government and privacy  Social Network and its impact on society  Computer and network security  Technology and the future  Information systems security  ::PREREQUISITES::  Nil  ::CO_REQUISITES::  704.6D626 Fundamental Web Programming and Design   ::
704.7I790 :: SPECIAL TOPIC ::AIM::  To provide students with the opportunity to focus in-depth on a specific technology or area of information technology. This may include technologies used in industry or a technology considered new and innovative.       ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Formulate and justify a research question relevant to contemporary Information and communication technologies. 2. Source and critically investigate a range of contemporary concepts and principles relevant to the research question.  3. Critically discuss concepts, technical issues and potential solutions relevant to the research question.  4. Present a critically reasoned response to the research question.   ::CONTENT::   Determined via learning contract between academic supervisor and student  ::PREREQUISITES::  To be determined by supervisor depending on topic selection  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
704.6I650 :: SYSTEMS ANALYSIS AND DESIGN ::AIM::  To analyse, design and implement moderately complex information systems. To analyse business cases and document the purpose, objective, data requests, data flows, input documents and output documents of common business functions.  ::LEARNING OUTCOMES::  On successful completion of this course, students will be able to: 1. Explain the fundamentals of systems analysis and design. 2. Design an information system to meet the specifications of a business case. 3. Compare and contrast approaches to prototyping as an approach to systems development. 4. Implement a range of processes to ensure quality systems design.  ::CONTENT::   Systems design  Analysing the Business Case  Requirements/Data/Process/Object Modelling  User Interface Design   Data Design  System Architecture  Prototyping  Development Strategies  Quality Processes   ::PREREQUISITES::  704.6D626 Fundamentals of Web Programming and Design  ::CO_REQUISITES::  Nil  ::
